ICFP 2025

Sun 12 - Sat 18 October 2025 Singapore

co-located with ICFP/SPLASH 2025

Toggle navigation

-   Attending
    -   Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing
    -   Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre
    -   ICFP/SPLASH 2025
    -   Code of Conduct
    -   Call for Sponsorship
-   Tracks
    -   -   ICFP 2025
        -   ICFP Artifacts
        -   ICFP Papers
        -   ICFP/SPLASH 2025
        -   Workshops

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   SPLASH
            -   SPLASH
            -   SPLASH OOPSLA
            -   SPLASH OOPSLA Artifacts
            -   SPLASH Onward! Essays
            -   SPLASH Onward! Papers
            -   SPLASH Posters
            -   SPLASH -E
            -   SPLASH Student Research Competition
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   SAS
            -   SAS
            -   SAS Artifact
-   Organization
    -   -   ICFP 2025 Committees
        -   Organizing Committee
        -   Steering Committee
        -   Track Committees
        -   ICFP Artifacts
        -   ICFP Papers
        -   ICFP/SPLASH
        -   Workshops
        -   Contributors
        -   People Index

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   SPLASH
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Steering Committee
            -   OOPSLA OOPSLA Review Committee
            -   OOPSLA External Review / Artifact Evaluation Committee
            -   OOPSLA Artifacts
            -   Onward! Essays Program Committee
            -   Onward! Essays Onward! Steering Committee
            -   Onward! Papers Program Committee
            -   Onward! Papers Steering Committee
            -   Posters
            -   SPLASH-E Program Commitee
            -   SPLASH-E Steering Committee
            -   Student Research Competition Organizers
            -   Student Research Competition Reviewers
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   SAS
            -   SAS 2025 Organizing Committee
            -   SAS 2025 Program Committee
            -   SAS 2025 Steering Committee
            -   SAS Artifact
-   Search
-   Series
    -   Series
    -   ICFP 2025
    -   ICFP 2024
    -   ICFP 2023
    -   ICFP 2022
    -   ICFP 2021
    -   ICFP 2020
    -   ICFP 2019
    -   ICFP 2018
    -   ICFP 2017
    -   ICFP 2016

-   Sign in
-   Sign up

ICFP/SPLASH 2025 (series) / ICFP 2025 (series) /

ICFP Papers

-   About
-   Call for Papers

PACMPL (ICFP) seeks contributions on the design, implementations,
principles, and uses of functional programming, covering the entire
spectrum of work, from practice to theory, including its peripheries.
Authors of papers published in this issue of PACMPL will present their
work at during the in-person conference, providing an opportunity for
researchers and developers to hear about the latest work in functional
programming.

Call for Papers

PACMPL issue ICFP 2025 seeks original papers on the art and science of
functional programming. Submissions are invited on all topics from
principles to practice, from foundations to features, and from
abstraction to application. The scope includes all languages that
encourage functional programming, including both purely applicative and
imperative languages, as well as languages with objects, concurrency, or
parallelism. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

-   Language Design: concurrency, parallelism, and distribution;
    modularity; components and composition; meta-programming; macros;
    pattern matching; type systems; type inference; dependent types;
    effect types; gradual types; refinement types; session types;
    interoperability; domain-specific languages; imperative programming;
    object-oriented programming; logic programming; probabilistic
    programming; reactive programming; generic programming;
    bidirectional programming.

-   Implementation: abstract machines; virtual machines; interpretation;
    compilation; compile-time and run-time optimisation; garbage
    collection and memory management; runtime systems; multi-threading;
    exploiting parallel hardware; interfaces to foreign functions,
    services, components, or low-level machine resources.

-   Software-Development Techniques: algorithms and data structures;
    design patterns; specification; verification; validation; proof
    assistants; debugging; testing; tracing; profiling; build systems;
    program synthesis.

-   Foundations: formal semantics; lambda calculus; program equivalence;
    rewriting; type theory; logic; category theory; computational
    effects; continuations; control; state; names and binding; program
    verification.

-   Analysis and Transformation: control flow; data flow; abstract
    interpretation; partial evaluation; program calculation.

-   Applications: symbolic computing; formal-methods tools; artificial
    intelligence; systems programming; distributed systems and web
    programming; hardware design; databases; scientific and numerical
    computing; graphical user interfaces; graphics and multimedia; GPU
    programming; scripting; system administration; security.

-   Education: teaching introductory programming; mathematical proof;
    algebra.

Submissions will be evaluated according to their relevance, correctness,
significance, originality, and clarity. Each submission should explain
its contributions in both general and technical terms, clearly
identifying what has been accomplished, explaining why it is
significant, and comparing it with previous work. The technical content
should be accessible to a broad audience.

PACMPL issue ICFP 2025 also welcomes submissions in two separate
categories — Functional Pearls and Experience Reports — that must be
marked as such when submitted and that need not report original research
results. Detailed guidelines on both categories are given at the end of
this call.

In an effort to achieve a balanced, diverse program, each author may be
listed as a (co)author on a maximum of four submissions. Authors who
require financial support to attend the conference can apply for PAC
funding (http://www.sigplan.org/PAC/).

The General Chair and PC Chair may not submit papers. PC members (other
than the PC Chair) may submit papers.

Please contact the Program Chair if you have questions or are concerned
about the appropriateness of a topic.

Full Double-Blind Reviewing Process

ICFP 2025 will use a full double-blind reviewing process (similar to the
one used for ICFP 2024 but different from the lightweight double-blind
process used in previous years). This means that identities of authors
will not be made visible to reviewers until after conditional-acceptance
decisions have been made, and then only for the conditionally-accepted
papers. The use of full double-blind reviewing has several consequences
for authors.

Submissions: Authors must omit their names and institutions from their
paper submissions. In addition, references to authors’ own prior work
should be in the third person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work
…” but rather “We build on the work of …”).

Supplementary material: Authors must fully anonymize any supplementary
material (see below). Links to supplementary material on external
websites are not permitted.

Author response: In responding to reviews, authors should not say
anything that reveals their identity, since author identities will not
be revealed to reviewers at that stage of the reviewing process.

Dissemination of work under submission: Authors are welcome to
disseminate their ideas and post draft versions of their paper(s) on
their personal website, institutional repository, or arXiv (reviewers
will be asked to turn off arXiv notifications during the review period).
But authors should not take steps that would almost certainly reveal
their identities to members of the Program Committee, e.g., directly
contacting PC members or publicizing the work on widely-visible social
media or major mailing lists used by the community.

The purpose of the above restrictions is to help the Program Committee
and external reviewers come to a judgment about the paper without bias,
not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors’ identities
if they were to try. In particular, nothing should be done in the name
of anonymity that weakens the quality of the submission. However, there
are occasionally cases where adhering to the above restrictions is truly
difficult or impossible for one reason or another. In such cases, the
authors should contact the Program Chair to discuss the situation and
how to handle it. The FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing
(https://popl24.sigplan.org/track/POPL-2024-popl-research-papers#FAQ-on-Double-Blind-Reviewing)
addresses many common scenarios and answers many common questions about
this topic. But there remain many grey areas and trade-offs. If you have
any doubts about how to interpret the double-blind rules or you
encounter a complex case that is not clearly covered by the FAQ, please
contact the Program Chair for guidance.

Preparation of submissions

Deadline: The deadline for submissions is Thursday, 27 February , 2025,
Anywhere on Earth (https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe). This
deadline will be strictly enforced.

Formatting: Submissions must be in PDF format, printable in black and
white on US Letter sized paper and interpretable by common PDF tools.
All submissions must adhere to the “ACM Small” template that is
available (in both LaTeX and Word formats) from
https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions.

Please download the latest version of the ACM style from
https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions, since the citation
format has recently been changed.

See also PACMPL’s Information and Guidelines for Authors at
https://pacmpl.acm.org/authors.cfm.

There is a limit of 25 pages for a full paper or Functional Pearl and 12
pages for an Experience Report; in either case, the bibliography and an
optional clearly marked appendix will not be counted against these
limits. Submissions that exceed the page limits or, for other reasons,
do not meet the requirements for formatting, will be summarily rejected.

Submission: Submissions will be accepted at https://icfp25.hotcrp.com/

Improved versions of a paper may be submitted at any point before the
submission deadline using the same web interface.

Author Response Period: Authors will have a 96-hour period, starting at
00:00 (midnight) AOE on Monday, 28 April, 2025, to read reviews and
respond to them.

Appendix and Supplementary Material: Authors have the option to include
a clearly marked appendix and/or to attach supplementary material to a
submission, on the understanding that reviewers may choose not to look
at such an appendix or supplementary material. Supplementary material
may be uploaded as a separate PDF document or tarball. Any supplementary
material must be uploaded at submission time, not by providing a URL in
the paper that points to an external repository. All supplementary
material must be anonymised.

Authorship Policies: All submissions are expected to comply with the ACM
Policies for Authorship that are detailed at
https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/information-for-authors.

Republication Policies: Each submission must adhere to SIGPLAN’s
republication policy, as explained on the web at
http://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Policies/Republication.

Review Process

This section outlines the two-stage process with double-blind reviewing
that will be used to select papers for PACMPL issue ICFP 2025. Like last
year, ICFP 2025 will adapt a full double-blind reviewing process. More
information see below.

ICFP 2025 will have an Associate Chair who will help the PC Chair
monitor reviews, solicit external expert reviews for submissions when
there is not enough expertise on the committee, and facilitate reviewer
discussions.

ICFP 2025 will employ a two-stage review process. The first stage in the
review process will assess submitted papers using the criteria stated
above and will allow for feedback and input on initial reviews through
the author response period mentioned previously. As a result of the
review process, a set of papers will be conditionally accepted and all
other papers will be rejected. Authors will be notified of these
decisions on 23 May, 2025.

Authors of conditionally accepted papers will be provided with committee
reviews along with a set of mandatory revisions. By 12 June, 2025, the
authors should provide a second revised submission. The second and final
reviewing phase assesses whether the mandatory revisions have been
adequately addressed by the authors and thereby determines the final
accept/reject status of the paper. The intent and expectation is that
the mandatory revisions can feasibly be addressed within three weeks.

The second submission should clearly identify how the mandatory
revisions were addressed. To that end, the second submission must be
accompanied by a cover letter mapping each mandatory revision request to
specific parts of the paper. The cover letter will facilitate a quick
second review, allowing for confirmation of final acceptance within two
weeks. Conversely, the absence of a cover letter will be grounds for the
paper’s rejection.

Information for Authors of Accepted Papers

-   As a condition of acceptance, final versions of all papers must
    adhere to the ACM Small format. The page limit for the final
    versions of papers will be increased by two pages to help authors
    respond to reviewer comments and mandatory revisions: 27 pages plus
    bibliography for a regular paper or Functional Pearl, 14 pages plus
    bibliography for an Experience Report.

-   Authors of accepted submissions will be required to agree to one of
    the three ACM licensing options, one of which is Creative Commons
    CC-BY publication; this is the option recommended by the PACMPL
    editorial board. A reasoned argument in favour of this option can be
    found in the article Why CC-BY? published by OASPA, the Open Access
    Scholarly Publishers Association. The other options are copyright
    transfer to ACM or retaining copyright but granting ACM exclusive
    publication rights.

-   PACMPL is a Gold Open Access journal, and authors are encouraged to
    publish their work under a CC-BY license. Gold Open Access
    guarantees permanent free online access to the definitive version in
    the ACM Digital Library, and the recommended CC-BY option also
    allows anyone to copy and distribute the work with attribution. Gold
    Open Access has been made possible by generous funding through ACM
    SIGPLAN, which will cover all open access costs in the event authors
    cannot. Authors who can cover the costs may do so by paying an
    Article Processing Charge (APC). PACMPL, SIGPLAN, and ACM
    Headquarters are committed to exploring routes to making Gold Open
    Access publication both affordable and sustainable.

-   ACM Author-Izer is a unique service that enables ACM authors to
    generate and post links on either their home page or institutional
    repository for visitors to download the definitive version of their
    articles from the ACM Digital Library at no charge. Downloads
    through Author-Izer links are captured in official ACM statistics,
    improving the accuracy of usage and impact measurements.
    Consistently linking to the definitive version of an ACM article
    should reduce user confusion over article versioning. After an
    article has been published and assigned to the appropriate ACM
    Author Profile pages, authors should visit
    http://www.acm.org/publications/acm-author-izer-service to learn how
    to create links for free downloads from the ACM DL.

-   The official publication date is the date the journal is made
    available in the ACM Digital Library. The journal issue and
    associated papers will be published no earlier than August 1, 2025.
    The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent
    filings related to published work.

-   Authors of each accepted submission are invited to attend and be
    available for the presentation of that paper at the conference. The
    schedule for presentations will be determined and shared with
    authors after the full program has been selected.

ORCID: ORCID provides a persistent digital identifier (an ORCID iD) that
you own and control, and that distinguishes you from every other
researcher: https://orcid.org/. ACM now require an ORCID iD for every
author of a paper, not just the corresponding author. So, the author who
is filling out the permission form should make sure they have the ORCID
iDs for all of their coauthors before filling out the form. Any authors
who do not yet have an ORCID iD can go to https://orcid.org/register to
have one assigned.

Artifact Evaluation

Authors of papers that are conditionally accepted in the first phase of
the review process will be encouraged (but not required) to submit
supporting materials for Artifact Evaluation. These items will then be
reviewed by an Artifact Evaluation Committee, separate from the paper
Review Committee, whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the
work described in the associated paper. Papers that go through the
Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval
printed on the papers themselves. Authors of accepted papers will be
encouraged to make the supporting materials publicly available upon
publication of the papers, for example, by including them as “source
materials” in the ACM Digital Library. An additional seal will mark
papers whose artifacts are made available, as outlined in the ACM
guidelines for artifact badging.

Participation in Artifact Evaluation is voluntary and will not influence
the final decision regarding paper acceptance.

Special categories of papers

In addition to research papers, PACMPL issue ICFP solicits two kinds of
papers that do not require original research contributions: Functional
Pearls, which are full papers, and Experience Reports, which are limited
to half the length of a full paper. Authors submitting such papers
should consider the following guidelines.

Functional Pearls

A Functional Pearl is an elegant essay about something related to
functional programming. Examples include, but are not limited to:

-   a new and thought-provoking way of looking at an old idea
-   an instructive example of program calculation or proof
-   a nifty presentation of an old or new data structure
-   an interesting application of functional programming techniques
-   a novel use or exposition of functional programming in the classroom

While pearls often demonstrate an idea through the development of a
short program, there is no requirement or expectation that they do so.
Thus, they encompass the notions of theoretical and educational pearls.

Functional Pearls are valued as highly and judged as rigorously as
ordinary papers, but using somewhat different criteria. In particular, a
pearl is not required to report original research, but, it should be
concise, instructive, and entertaining. A pearl is likely to be rejected
if its readers get bored, if the material gets too complicated, if too
much-specialised knowledge is needed, or if the writing is inelegant.
The key to writing a good pearl is polishing.

A submission that is intended to be treated as a pearl must be marked as
such on the submission web page and should contain the words “Functional
Pearl” somewhere in its title or subtitle. These steps will alert
reviewers to use the appropriate evaluation criteria. Pearls will be
combined with ordinary papers, however, for the purpose of computing the
conference’s acceptance rate.

Experience Reports

The purpose of an Experience Report is to describe the experience of
using functional programming in practice, whether in industrial
application, tool development, programming education, or any other area.

Possible topics for an Experience Report include, but are not limited
to:

-   insights gained from real-world projects using functional
    programming
-   comparison of functional programming with conventional programming
    in the context of an industrial project or a university curriculum
-   project-management, business, or legal issues encountered when using
    functional programming in a real-world project
-   curricular issues encountered when using functional programming in
    education
-   real-world constraints that created special challenges for an
    implementation of a functional language or for functional
    programming in general

An Experience Report is distinguished from a normal PACMPL issue ICFP
paper by its title, by its length, and by the criteria used to evaluate
it.

-   Both in the papers and in any citations, the title of each accepted
    Experience Report must end with the words “(Experience Report)” in
    parentheses. The acceptance rate for Experience Reports will be
    computed and reported separately from the rate for ordinary papers.
-   Experience Report submissions can be at most 12 pages long,
    excluding bibliography.
-   Each accepted Experience Report will be presented at the conference,
    but depending on the number of Experience Reports and regular papers
    accepted, authors of Experience Reports may be asked to give shorter
    talks.
-   Because the purpose of Experience Reports is to enable our community
    to understand the application of functional programming, an
    acceptable Experience Report need not add to the body of knowledge
    of the functional-programming community by presenting novel results
    or conclusions. It is sufficient if the report describes an
    illuminating experience with functional programming, or provides
    evidence for a clear thesis about the use of functional programming.
    The experience or thesis must be relevant to ICFP, but it need not
    be novel.

The review committee will accept or reject Experience Reports based on
whether they judge the paper to illuminate some aspect of the use of
functional programming. Anecdotal evidence will be acceptable provided
it is well-argued and the author explains what efforts were made to
gather as much evidence as possible. Typically, papers that show how
functional programming was used are more convincing than papers that say
only that functional programming was used. It can be especially
effective to present comparisons of the situations before and after the
experience described in the paper, but other kinds of evidence would
also make sense, depending on context. Experience drawn from a single
person’s experience may be sufficient, but more weight will be given to
evidence drawn from the experience of groups of people.

An Experience Report should be short and to the point. For an industrial
project, it should make a claim about how well functional programming
worked and why; for a pedagogy paper, it might make a claim about the
suitability of a particular teaching style or educational exercise.
Either way, it should produce evidence to substantiate the claim. If
functional programming worked in this case in the same ways it has
worked for others, the paper need only summarise the results — the main
part of the paper should discuss how well it worked and in what context.
Most readers will not want to know all the details of the experience and
its implementation, but the paper should characterise it and its context
well enough so that readers can judge to what degree this experience is
relevant to their own circumstances. The paper should take care to
highlight any unusual aspects; specifics about the experience are more
valuable than generalities about functional programming.

If the paper not only describes experience but also presents new
technical results, or if the experience refutes cherished beliefs of the
functional-programming community, it may be better to submit it as a
full paper, which will be judged by the usual criteria of novelty,
originality, and relevance. The Program Chair will be happy to advise on
any concerns about which category to submit to.

About PACMPL

Proceedings of the ACM on Programming Languages (PACMPL
https://pacmpl.acm.org/) is a Gold Open Access journal publishing
research on all aspects of programming languages, from design to
implementation and from mathematical formalisms to empirical studies.
Each issue of the journal is devoted to a particular subject area within
programming languages and will be announced through publicised Calls for
Papers, like this one.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Thu 27 Feb 2025
  Submission Deadline

  Mon 28 Apr - Thu 1 May 2025
  Author Response

  Fri 23 May 2025
  Notification of Conditional Acceptance

  Thu 12 Jun 2025
  Deadline for Submitting Revisions

  Fri 27 Jun 2025
  Final Decision Notification

  Fri 11 Jul 2025
  Camera-Ready Deadline
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Submission Link

https://icfp25.hotcrp.com

ICFP Programme Committee

-   
    [Dominique Devriese]
    Dominique DevriesePC Chair

    KU Leuven

    Belgium
-   
    [Manuel Serrano]
    Manuel SerranoAssociate Chair

    Inria; Université Côte d’Azur

    France
-   
    [Peter Thiemann]
    Peter ThiemannAssociate Chair

    University of Freiburg, Germany
-   
    [Andreas Abel]
    Andreas Abel

    Gothenburg University

    Sweden
-   
    [Guillaume Allais]
    Guillaume Allais

    University of Strathclyde

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Nada Amin]
    Nada Amin

    Harvard University

    United States
-   
    [Aurèle Barrière]
    Aurèle Barrière

    EPFL

    Switzerland
-   
    [Nick Benton]
    Nick Benton

    Meta

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Jean-Philippe Bernardy]
    Jean-Philippe Bernardy

    University of Gothenburg, Sweden
-   
    [Sandrine Blazy]
    Sandrine Blazy

    University of Rennes

    France
-   
    [William J. Bowman]
    William J. Bowman

    University of British Columbia

    Canada
-   
    [Jonathan Immanuel Brachthäuser]
    Jonathan Immanuel Brachthäuser

    University of Tübingen

    Germany
-   
    [Joachim Breitner]
    Joachim Breitner

    Lean FRO, LLC

    Germany
-   
    [William E. Byrd]
    William E. Byrd

    University of Alabama at Birmingham, USA

    United States
-   
    [Ugo Dal Lago]
    Ugo Dal Lago

    University of Bologna & INRIA Sophia Antipolis

    Italy
-   
    [David Darais]
    David Darais

    Galois

    United States
-   
    [Anupam Das]
    Anupam Das

    University of Birmingham, UK

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Farzaneh Derakhshan]
    Farzaneh Derakhshan

    Illinois Institute of Technology

    United States
-   
    [Harley D. Eades III]
    Harley D. Eades III

    Augusta University

    United States
-   
    [Andrzej Filinski]
    Andrzej Filinski

    DIKU, University of Copenhagen
-   
    [Robert Bruce Findler]
    Robert Bruce Findler

    Northwestern University

    United States
-   
    [Deepak Garg]
    Deepak Garg

    MPI-SWS

    Germany
-   
    [Aina Linn Georges]
    Aina Linn Georges

    Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS)
-   
    [Dan Ghica]
    Dan Ghica

    Huawei Research and University of Birmingham

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Kiran Gopinathan]
    Kiran Gopinathan

    National University of Singapore

    Singapore
-   
    [Daniel Gratzer]
    Daniel Gratzer

    Aarhus University

    Denmark
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Eva Graversen

    University of Southern Denmark
-   
    [Fritz Henglein]
    Fritz Henglein

    Department of Computer Science, University of Copenhagen (DIKU) and Deon Digital

    Denmark
-   
    [Jan Hoffmann]
    Jan Hoffmann

    Carnegie Mellon University

    United States
-   
    [Cătălin Hriţcu]
    Cătălin Hriţcu

    MPI-SP

    Germany
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Jules Jacobs

    Cornell University
-   
    [Minseok Jeon]
    Minseok Jeon

    Korea University

    South Korea
-   
    [Ralf Jung]
    Ralf Jung

    ETH Zurich

    Switzerland
-   
    [Ohad Kammar]
    Ohad Kammar

    University of Edinburgh

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Alex Kavvos]
    Alex Kavvos

    University of Bristol

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Marie Kerjean]
    Marie Kerjean

    CNRS, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord

    France
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    András Kovács

    University of Gothenburg and Chalmers University of Technology
-   
    [Damiano Mazza]
    Damiano Mazza

    CNRS, LIPN, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord

    France
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Guillaume Melquiond

    Université Paris-Saclay - CNRS - ENS Paris-Saclay - Inria

    France
-   
    [Alexandre Moine]
    Alexandre Moine

    New York University

    United States
-   
    [Liam O'Connor]
    Liam O'Connor

    Australian National University

    Australia
-   
    [Hakjoo Oh]
    Hakjoo Oh

    Korea University

    South Korea
-   
    [Klaus Ostermann]
    Klaus Ostermann

    University of Tübingen

    Germany
-   
    [Daniela Petrisan]
    Daniela Petrisan

    IRIF, Université Paris Diderot

    France
-   
    [Simon Peyton Jones]
    Simon Peyton Jones

    Epic Games

    United Kingdom
-   
    [John Reppy]
    John Reppy

    University of Chicago, USA
-   
    [Tiark Rompf]
    Tiark Rompf

    Purdue University

    United States
-   
    [Michael Sammler]
    Michael Sammler

    Institute of Science and Technology Austria

    Austria
-   
    [Gabriel Scherer]
    Gabriel Scherer

    Université Paris Cité - Inria - CNRS

    France
-   
    [Jeremy G. Siek]
    Jeremy G. Siek

    Indiana University, USA

    United States
-   
    [KC Sivaramakrishnan]
    KC Sivaramakrishnan

    IIT Madras and Tarides

    India
-   
    [Yahui Song]
    Yahui Song

    National University of Singapore

    Singapore
-   
    [Nikhil Swamy]
    Nikhil Swamy

    Microsoft Research

    United States
-   
    [Christine Tasson]
    Christine Tasson

    Sorbonne Université — LIP6

    France
-   
    [Matías Toro]
    Matías Toro

    University of Chile

    Chile
-   
    [Hiroshi Unno]
    Hiroshi Unno

    Tohoku University

    Japan
-   
    [Nachiappan Valliappan]
    Nachiappan Valliappan

    University of Edinburgh

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Guannan Wei]
    Guannan Wei

    Inria/ENS; Tufts University

    France
-   
    [Stephanie Weirich]
    Stephanie Weirich

    University of Pennsylvania

    United States
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Leo White

    Jane Street

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Théo Winterhalter]
    Théo Winterhalter

    INRIA

    France
-   
    [Ningning Xie]
    Ningning Xie

    University of Toronto

    Canada
-   
    [Irene Yoon]
    Irene Yoon

    France

xWed 5 Feb 18:59

ICFP 2025

contact form

------------------------------------------------------------------------

using conf.researchr.org (v1.69.0)
Support page

Tracks

ICFP Artifacts
ICFP Papers

ICFP/SPLASH 2025

Workshops

Co-hosted Conferences

SPLASH 2025

Co-hosted Symposia

SAS 2025

Attending

Venue (Sunday Workshops): NUS School of Computing
Venue (Main Conference): Marina Bay Sands Convention Centre
Code of Conduct
Call for Sponsorship

Sign Up
