PLDI 2025

Mon 16 - Fri 20 June 2025 Seoul, South Korea

Toggle navigation

-   Attending
    -   Venue: The Westin Josun Seoul
    -   Sponsorship
    -   Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
-   Tracks
    -   -   PLDI 2025
        -   Research Artifacts
        -   PLDI Research Papers
        -   Workshops and Tutorials
        -   Student Research Competition
        -   Tutorials
        -   - BINSEC: Adapting Symbolic Execution for Binary-level
            Security
        -   - Building DSLs made easy with the BuildIt Framework
        -   - Formal Analysis and Verification in Quantum Programming
        -   - Perfect Decompilation of Python Bytecode with PyLingual
        -   - Unlocking Optimizations with egglog: Equality Saturation
            Meets Datalog

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   ISMM
        -   LCTES
        -   Workshops
        -   ARRAY
        -   EGRAPHS
        -   RPLS : Real-World Programming Language Specification
        -   SOAP
        -   WQS
-   Organization
    -   -   PLDI 2025 Committees
        -   Organizing Committee
        -   Track Committees
        -   Research Artifacts
        -   PLDI Research Papers
        -   Contributors
        -   People Index

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   ISMM
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   LCTES
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   Workshops
        -   ARRAY
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   EGRAPHS
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   RPLS
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   SOAP
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Invited Speakers
            -   Program Committee
        -   WQS
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
-   Search
-   Series
    -   Series
    -   PLDI 2025
    -   PLDI 2024
    -   PLDI 2023
    -   PLDI 2022
    -   PLDI 2021
    -   PLDI 2020
    -   PLDI 2019
    -   PLDI 2018
    -   PLDI 2017
    -   PLDI 2016
    -   PLDI 2015

-   Sign in
-   Sign up

PLDI 2025 (series) /

Student Research CompetitionPLDI 2025

-   About
-   Poster, Video, and Presentation Requirements

About

The Student Research Competition (SRC) at PLDI is a forum for students
to present their research and receive high-quality feedback from experts
in the programming languages research community. The SRC is a chance to
hone writing and presentation skills, network with peers and senior
researchers, and showcase exciting work—including work-in-progress. PLDI
invites students (both at the graduate and undergraduate level) to
submit their research. If you are an undergraduate student interested in
applying to graduate programs, we highly encourage you to participate
and get a glimpse of what academic life looks like!

Eligibility Criteria

Participants must have current student status, either graduate or
undergraduate, at the time of the submission deadline. Participants in
the SRC must also apply and obtain an ACM student membership. There are
two separate categories:

-   Undergraduate: Currently enrolled for a bachelor’s degree (or
    equivalent)
-   Graduate: Currently enrolled for either a master’s or PhD degree (or
    equivalent)

Furthermore, the abstract:

-   Must contain original research that is not already published at PLDI
    or another conference or journal. Authors are allowed to submit full
    versions of the paper at a later conference but the abstract must
    not overlap with a concurrent PLDI submission.
-   Must be authored solely by the student. If the work is collaborative
    with others and/or part of a larger group project, the abstract
    should make clear what the student’s role was and should focus on
    that portion of the work.

If you have any questions on if your work is a good fit for the SRC
track, please reach out to the SRC Co-Chairs!

Call for Papers

The main body of the submission is a title and extended abstract (up to
3 pages) consisting of the following:

-   Problem and Motivation: Clearly state the problem being addressed
    and explain the reasons for seeking a solution to this problem.
-   Background and Related Work: Describe the specialized (but
    pertinent) background necessary to appreciate the work in the
    context of PLDI areas of interest. Include references to the
    literature where appropriate, and briefly explain where your work
    departs from that done by others.
-   Approach and Uniqueness: Describe your approach in addressing the
    problem and clearly state how your approach is novel.
-   Results and Contributions: Clearly show how the results of your work
    contribute to programming language design and implementation in
    particular and to computer science in general; explain the
    significance of those results.

The SRC welcomes work-in-progress research and aims to provide
high-quality feedback to students about their work. Starting this year,
we are going to make the SRC publications a part of the PLDI
proceedings. After acceptance, papers will go through an additional
round of shepherding where reviewers will provide feedback on technical
content and writing of the paper.

Participation

The SRC has three stages aimed at providing feedback on different
aspects of research presentation:

-   1: Submission phase: Student papers are submitted and reviewed by a
    committee of expert reviewers
    -   Initial Reviews: The program committee provides initial reviews
        and an accept or reject decision for the abstracts.
    -   Shepherding phase: We will assign each accepted submission a
        “shepherd” from the reviewers, whose role is to help distill
        feedback to improve the submission. Students will then submit
        “camera ready”, finalized extended abstracts to be included as
        part of the PLDI proceedings.
-   2: Poster round: During the conference, students present a poster to
    in-person judges and conference attendees.
-   3: Presentation round: Judges select finalists from the poster round
    who then give a final talk (typically around 7 minutes).

Three students from each category (graduate and undergraduate) will be
selected as winners. Winners will receive a cash prize: $500, $300, and
$200 for the first, second, and third place respectively as well as an
award medal. The first place abstracts in each category will be invited
to participate in the ACM grand finale.

Submissions

The submission form will require the following:

-   The submissions are double blind (the uploaded PDFs must not contain
    your name or any other identifying information).
-   In the supplementary form, please specify:
-   Student author’s name, email address, institutional affiliation, and
    category (undergraduate or graduate)
-   Student’s ACM member number. If you don’t already have one, please
    apply for the [discounted student member rate]
    (https://www.acm.org/membership/membership-options).
-   Research advisor’s name(s)
-   Mode of presentation (in-person or virtual). Please be conservative
    in your response: if you think there is a possibility that you might
    not be able to attend in-person, select the “virtual” option. We are
    able to accommodate transition to in-person more easily than to
    virtual.

For the paper submission, ensure:

-   Use the acmart template file (overleaf template, latex template).
-   Set the options to the class file using
    \documentclass[sigconf,nonacm,screen,review]{acmart}
-   No more than 3 pages. Reference lists do not count towards these
    limits.

When you’re ready, submit your extended abstract at the submission site:
https://pldi24src.hotcrp.com/

Writing Resources.

-   How to Write Papers and Give Talks that People Can Follow by Derek
    Dreyer
-   How to Write a Conference Talk by Mike Hicks

Attendance

PLDI waives registration costs for all students with accepted papers. We
additionally encourage students to apply to PLMW, which might cover
travel expenses. Furthermore, we encourage students to apply for
conference volunteering positions.

Good luck, and we hope to see you in June!

Poster, Video, and Presentation Requirements

For the students who got accepted to the SRC, here are the requirements
for the poster and final presentation.

Poster Requirements

-   Create a poster that can fit up to 3’ x 4’ dimensions.
-   The content on your poster should be organized neatly and clearly.
-   Choose colors of your choice but make sure it all aligns nicely.
-   Submit the PDF of your posters to us by June 12th, 2024.
-   Please print your own posters and bring them to the venue if you are
    presenting in person.
-   We will provide easels to put the posters up.

Final Presentation Requirements

-   The students who qualify for the final presentation round will be
    given 7 minutes to present their work, followed by a 4-minute Q&A
    session at the end of each talk.
-   Prepare a slide deck for this round.

Virtual Presentations

Details will be released closer to the conference.

Questions? Use the PLDI Student Research Competition contact form.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Fri 14 Mar 2025
  Abstract submission deadline

  Thu 24 Apr 2025
  Author Notification

  Fri 16 May 2025
  Camera-ready deadline
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

xWed 5 Feb 19:29

PLDI 2025

contact form

------------------------------------------------------------------------

using conf.researchr.org (v1.69.0)
Support page

Tracks

Research Artifacts
PLDI Research Papers
Workshops and Tutorials
Student Research Competition
Tutorials

Co-hosted Conferences

ISMM 2025
LCTES 2025

Workshops

ARRAY 2025
EGRAPHS 2025
RPLS 2025
SOAP 2025
WQS 2025

Attending

Venue: The Westin Josun Seoul
Sponsorship
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

Sign Up
