ICFP 2023

Mon 4 - Sat 9 September 2023 Seattle, Washington, United States

Toggle navigation

-   Attending
    -   Hotel: The Westin Seattle
    -   Call For Sponsorship
    -   Travel Information
    -   Local Information
    -   Registration
    -   Accessibility
    -   Code of Conduct
    -   Virtual participation
    -   Instructions for Presenters
    -   Diversity and Inclusion
-   Program
    -   ICFP Program
    -   Your Program
    -   Mon 4 Sep
    -   Tue 5 Sep
    -   Wed 6 Sep
    -   Thu 7 Sep
    -   Fri 8 Sep
    -   Sat 9 Sep
-   Tracks
    -   -   ICFP 2023
        -   Artifact Evaluation
        -   ICFP Keynotes
        -   ICFP Papers and Events
        -   ICFP Workshops
        -   Student Research Competition
        -   Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
        -   Tutorials
        -   - Vehicle - A Specification Language for Neural Network
            Properties
        -   - Teaching and Learning Compilers Incrementally
        -   - Teaching Functional Programming
        -   - Porting Lwt applications to OCaml 5 and Eio
        -   Volunteers

    -   -   Workshops
        -   DeclMed
        -   Erlang
            -   Erlang
            -   - Keynote: Code Analysis at WhatsApp
            -   - Invited Talk: Set-theoretic Types for Erlang
            -   - Invited Talk: A Type System for Elixir
        -   FARM
        -   FHPNC
        -   FUNARCH
        -   HIW
        -   HOPE
        -   Higher-order, Typed, Inferred, Strict: ML Family Workshop
        -   OCaml
        -   PLMW @ ICFP
        -   Scheme
        -   TyDe
        -   miniKanren
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   Haskell
-   Organization
    -   -   ICFP 2023 Committees
        -   Organizing Committee
        -   Steering Committee
        -   Track Committees
        -   Artifact Evaluation
        -   ICFP Papers and Events
        -   Student Research Competition
            -   Poster Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   Tutorials
        -   Volunteers
        -   Contributors
        -   People Index

    -   -   Workshops
        -   DeclMed
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   Erlang
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   FARM
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   FHPNC
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   FUNARCH
            -   Program Committee
        -   HIW
            -   Program Committee
        -   HOPE
            -   Program Committee
        -   Higher-order, Typed, Inferred, Strict: ML Family Workshop
            -   Program Committee
            -   Organizing Committee
        -   OCaml
            -   Program Committee
        -   PLMW @ ICFP
            -   Organizing Committee
        -   Scheme
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   TyDe
            -   Organization Committee
            -   Program Committee
        -   miniKanren
            -   Program Committee
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   Haskell
            -   Program Committee
-   Search
-   Series
    -   Series
    -   ICFP 2025
    -   ICFP 2024
    -   ICFP 2023
    -   ICFP 2022
    -   ICFP 2021
    -   ICFP 2020
    -   ICFP 2019
    -   ICFP 2018
    -   ICFP 2017
    -   ICFP 2016

-   Sign in
-   Sign up

ICFP 2023 (series) /

ICFP Papers and Events

-   About
-   Program
-   Accepted Papers
-   Call for Papers

PACMPL (ICFP) seeks contributions on the design, implementations,
principles, and uses of functional programming, covering the entire
spectrum of work, from practice to theory, including its peripheries.
Authors of papers published in this issue of PACMPL will present their
work at during the in-person conference, providing an opportunity for
researchers and developers to hear about the latest work in functional
programming.

Call for Papers

PACMPL issue ICFP 2023 seeks original papers on the art and science of
functional programming. Submissions are invited on all topics from
principles to practice, from foundations to features, and from
abstraction to application. The scope includes all languages that
encourage functional programming, including both purely applicative and
imperative languages, as well as languages with objects, concurrency, or
parallelism. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

-   Language Design: concurrency, parallelism, and distribution;
    modularity; components and composition; meta-programming; macros;
    pattern matching; type systems; type inference; dependent types;
    effect types; gradual types; refinement types; session types;
    interoperability; domain-specific languages; imperative programming;
    object-oriented programming; logic programming; probabilistic
    programming; reactive programming; generic programming;
    bidirectional programming.

-   Implementation: abstract machines; virtual machines; interpretation;
    compilation; compile-time and run-time optimisation; garbage
    collection and memory management; runtime systems; multi-threading;
    exploiting parallel hardware; interfaces to foreign functions,
    services, components, or low-level machine resources.

-   Software-Development Techniques: algorithms and data structures;
    design patterns; specification; verification; validation; proof
    assistants; debugging; testing; tracing; profiling; build systems;
    program synthesis.

-   Foundations: formal semantics; lambda calculus; program equivalence;
    rewriting; type theory; logic; category theory; computational
    effects; continuations; control; state; names and binding; program
    verification.

-   Analysis and Transformation: control flow; data flow; abstract
    interpretation; partial evaluation; program calculation.

-   Applications: symbolic computing; formal-methods tools; artificial
    intelligence; systems programming; distributed systems and web
    programming; hardware design; databases; scientific and numerical
    computing; graphical user interfaces; graphics and multimedia; GPU
    programming; scripting; system administration; security.

-   Education: teaching introductory programming; mathematical proof;
    algebra.

Submissions will be evaluated according to their relevance, correctness,
significance, originality, and clarity. Each submission should explain
its contributions in both general and technical terms, clearly
identifying what has been accomplished, explaining why it is
significant, and comparing it with previous work. The technical content
should be accessible to a broad audience.

PACMPL issue ICFP 2023 also welcomes submissions in two separate
categories — Functional Pearls and Experience Reports — that must be
marked as such when submitted and that need not report original research
results. Detailed guidelines on both categories are given at the end of
this call.

Submissions from underrepresented groups are encouraged. Authors who
require financial support to attend the conference can apply for PAC
funding (http://www.sigplan.org/PAC/).

The General Chair and PC Chair may not submit papers. PC members (other
than the PC Chair) may submit papers. However, SIGPLAN guidelines
dictate that they be held to a higher standard: a PC paper can be
accepted if after the discussion it has at least one strongly-supportive
review and no detractors. Each PC member may be listed as a coauthor on
a maximum of three submissions.

Please contact the Programme Chair if you have questions or are
concerned about the appropriateness of a topic.

About PACMPL

Proceedings of the ACM on Programming Languages (PACMPL
https://pacmpl.acm.org/) is a Gold Open Access journal publishing
research on all aspects of programming languages, from design to
implementation and from mathematical formalisms to empirical studies.
Each issue of the journal is devoted to a particular subject area within
programming languages and will be announced through publicised Calls for
Papers, like this one.

Preparation of submissions

Deadline: The deadline for submissions is Wednesday, March 1, 2023,
Anywhere on Earth (https://www.timeanddate.com/time/zones/aoe). This
deadline will be strictly enforced.

Formatting: Submissions must be in PDF format, printable in black and
white on US Letter sized paper and interpretable by common PDF tools.
All submissions must adhere to the “ACM Small” template that is
available (in both LaTeX and Word formats) from
https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions.

There is a limit of 25 pages for a full paper or Functional Pearl and 12
pages for an Experience Report; in either case, the bibliography and an
optional clearly marked appendix will not be counted against these
limits. Submissions that exceed the page limits or, for other reasons,
do not meet the requirements for formatting, will be summarily rejected.

See also PACMPL’s Information and Guidelines for Authors at
https://pacmpl.acm.org/authors.cfm.

Submission: Submissions will be accepted at https://icfp23.hotcrp.com/

Improved versions of a paper may be submitted at any point before the
submission deadline using the same web interface.

Author Response Period: Authors will have a 72-hour period, starting at
12:00 (noon) UTC on Monday, May 1, 2023, to read reviews and respond to
them.

Appendix and Supplementary Material: Authors have the option to include
a clearly marked appendix and/or to attach supplementary material to a
submission, on the understanding that reviewers may choose not to look
at such an appendix or supplementary material. Supplementary material
may be uploaded as a separate PDF document or tarball. Any supplementary
material must be uploaded at submission time, not by providing a URL in
the paper that points to an external repository.

Authors are free to upload both anonymised and non-anonymised
supplementary material. Anonymised supplementary material will be
visible to reviewers immediately; non-anonymised supplementary material
(which must be submitted separately) will be revealed to reviewers only
after they have submitted their review of the paper and learned the
identity of the author(s).

Authorship Policies: All submissions are expected to comply with the ACM
Policies for Authorship that are detailed at
https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/information-for-authors.

Republication Policies: Each submission must adhere to SIGPLAN’s
republication policy, as explained on the web at
http://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Policies/Republication.

ORCID: ORCID provides a persistent digital identifier (an ORCID iD) that
you own and control, and that distinguishes you from every other
researcher: https://orcid.org/. ACM now require an ORCID iD for every
author of a paper, not just the corresponding author. So, the author who
is filling out the permission form should make sure they have the ORCID
iDs for all of their coauthors before filling out the form. Any authors
who do not yet have an ORCID iD can go to https://orcid.org/register to
have one assigned.

Review Process

This section outlines the two-stage process with lightweight
double-blind reviewing that will be used to select papers for PACMPL
issue ICFP 2023.

New this year: ICFP 2023 will have an Associate Chair who will help the
PC Chair monitor reviews, solicit external expert reviews for
submissions when there is not enough expertise on the committee, and
facilitate reviewer discussions.

PACMPL issue ICFP 2023 will employ a two-stage review process. The first
stage in the review process will assess submitted papers using the
criteria stated above and will allow for feedback and input on initial
reviews through the author response period mentioned previously. As a
result of the review process, a set of papers will be conditionally
accepted and all other papers will be rejected. Authors will be notified
of these decisions on May 18, 2023.

Authors of conditionally accepted papers will be provided with committee
reviews along with a set of mandatory revisions. By June 15, 2023, the
authors may provide a second submission. The second and final reviewing
phase assesses whether the mandatory revisions have been adequately
addressed by the authors and thereby determines the final accept/reject
status of the paper. The intent and expectation is that the mandatory
revisions can feasibly be addressed within three weeks.

The second submission should clearly identify how the mandatory
revisions were addressed. To that end, the second submission must be
accompanied by a cover letter mapping each mandatory revision request to
specific parts of the paper. The cover letter will facilitate a quick
second review, allowing for confirmation of final acceptance within two
weeks. Conversely, the absence of a cover letter will be grounds for the
paper’s rejection.

PACMPL issue ICFP 2023 will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing
process.

To facilitate this, submitted papers must adhere to two rules:

1.  author names and institutions must be omitted, and

2.  references to authors’ own related work should be in the third
    person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We
    build on the work of …”).

The purpose of this process is to help the reviewers come to an initial
judgement about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for
them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done
in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of
reviewing the paper more difficult (e.g., important background
references should not be omitted or anonymised). In addition, authors
should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their
papers as they normally would. For instance, authors may post drafts of
their papers on the web or give talks on their research ideas.

Information for Authors of Accepted Papers

-   As a condition of acceptance, final versions of all papers must
    adhere to the ACM Small format. The page limit for the final
    versions of papers will be increased by two pages to help authors
    respond to reviewer comments and mandatory revisions: 27 pages plus
    bibliography for a regular paper or Functional Pearl, 14 pages plus
    bibliography for an Experience Report.

-   Authors of accepted submissions will be required to agree to one of
    the three ACM licensing options, one of which is Creative Commons
    CC-BY publication; this is the option recommended by the PACMPL
    editorial board. A reasoned argument in favour of this option can be
    found in the article Why CC-BY? published by OASPA, the Open Access
    Scholarly Publishers Association. The other options are copyright
    transfer to ACM or retaining copyright but granting ACM exclusive
    publication rights.

-   PACMPL is a Gold Open Access journal, and authors are encouraged to
    publish their work under a CC-BY license. Gold Open Access
    guarantees permanent free online access to the definitive version in
    the ACM Digital Library, and the recommended CC-BY option also
    allows anyone to copy and distribute the work with attribution. Gold
    Open Access has been made possible by generous funding through ACM
    SIGPLAN, which will cover all open access costs in the event authors
    cannot. Authors who can cover the costs may do so by paying an
    Article Processing Charge (APC). PACMPL, SIGPLAN, and ACM
    Headquarters are committed to exploring routes to making Gold Open
    Access publication both affordable and sustainable.

-   ACM Author-Izer is a unique service that enables ACM authors to
    generate and post links on either their home page or institutional
    repository for visitors to download the definitive version of their
    articles from the ACM Digital Library at no charge. Downloads
    through Author-Izer links are captured in official ACM statistics,
    improving the accuracy of usage and impact measurements.
    Consistently linking to the definitive version of an ACM article
    should reduce user confusion over article versioning. After an
    article has been published and assigned to the appropriate ACM
    Author Profile pages, authors should visit
    http://www.acm.org/publications/acm-author-izer-service to learn how
    to create links for free downloads from the ACM DL.

-   The official publication date is the date the papers are made
    available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two
    weeks prior to the first day of the conference. The official
    publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related
    to published work.

-   Authors of each accepted submission are invited to attend and be
    available for the presentation of that paper at the conference. The
    schedule for presentations will be determined and shared with
    authors after the full program has been selected.

Artifact Evaluation

Authors of papers that are conditionally accepted in the first phase of
the review process will be encouraged (but not required) to submit
supporting materials for Artifact Evaluation. These items will then be
reviewed by an Artifact Evaluation Committee, separate from the paper
Review Committee, whose task is to assess how the artifacts support the
work described in the associated paper. Papers that go through the
Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval
printed on the papers themselves. Authors of accepted papers will be
encouraged to make the supporting materials publicly available upon
publication of the papers, for example, by including them as “source
materials” in the ACM Digital Library. An additional seal will mark
papers whose artifacts are made available, as outlined in the ACM
guidelines for artifact badging.

Participation in Artifact Evaluation is voluntary and will not influence
the final decision regarding paper acceptance.

Special categories of papers

In addition to research papers, PACMPL issue ICFP solicits two kinds of
papers that do not require original research contributions: Functional
Pearls, which are full papers, and Experience Reports, which are limited
to half the length of a full paper. Authors submitting such papers
should consider the following guidelines.

Functional Pearls

A Functional Pearl is an elegant essay about something related to
functional programming. Examples include, but are not limited to:

-   a new and thought-provoking way of looking at an old idea

-   an instructive example of program calculation or proof

-   a nifty presentation of an old or new data structure

-   an interesting application of functional programming techniques

-   a novel use or exposition of functional programming in the classroom

While pearls often demonstrate an idea through the development of a
short program, there is no requirement or expectation that they do so.
Thus, they encompass the notions of theoretical and educational pearls.

Functional Pearls are valued as highly and judged as rigorously as
ordinary papers, but using somewhat different criteria. In particular, a
pearl is not required to report original research, but, it should be
concise, instructive, and entertaining. A pearl is likely to be rejected
if its readers get bored, if the material gets too complicated, if too
much-specialised knowledge is needed, or if the writing is inelegant.
The key to writing a good pearl is polishing.

A submission that is intended to be treated as a pearl must be marked as
such on the submission web page and should contain the words “Functional
Pearl” somewhere in its title or subtitle. These steps will alert
reviewers to use the appropriate evaluation criteria. Pearls will be
combined with ordinary papers, however, for the purpose of computing the
conference’s acceptance rate.

Experience Reports

The purpose of an Experience Report is to describe the experience of
using functional programming in practice, whether in industrial
application, tool development, programming education, or any other area.

Possible topics for an Experience Report include, but are not limited
to:

-   insights gained from real-world projects using functional
    programming

-   comparison of functional programming with conventional programming
    in the context of an industrial project or a university curriculum

-   project-management, business, or legal issues encountered when using
    functional programming in a real-world project

-   curricular issues encountered when using functional programming in
    education

-   real-world constraints that created special challenges for an
    implementation of a functional language or for functional
    programming in general

An Experience Report is distinguished from a normal PACMPL issue ICFP
paper by its title, by its length, and by the criteria used to evaluate
it.

-   Both in the papers and in any citations, the title of each accepted
    Experience Report must end with the words “(Experience Report)” in
    parentheses. The acceptance rate for Experience Reports will be
    computed and reported separately from the rate for ordinary papers.

-   Experience Report submissions can be at most 12 pages long,
    excluding bibliography.

-   Each accepted Experience Report will be presented at the conference,
    but depending on the number of Experience Reports and regular papers
    accepted, authors of Experience Reports may be asked to give shorter
    talks.

-   Because the purpose of Experience Reports is to enable our community
    to understand the application of functional programming, an
    acceptable Experience Report need not add to the body of knowledge
    of the functional-programming community by presenting novel results
    or conclusions. It is sufficient if the report describes an
    illuminating experience with functional programming, or provides
    evidence for a clear thesis about the use of functional programming.
    The experience or thesis must be relevant to ICFP, but it need not
    be novel.

The review committee will accept or reject Experience Reports based on
whether they judge the paper to illuminate some aspect of the use of
functional programming. Anecdotal evidence will be acceptable provided
it is well-argued and the author explains what efforts were made to
gather as much evidence as possible. Typically, papers that show how
functional programming was used are more convincing than papers that say
only that functional programming was used. It can be especially
effective to present comparisons of the situations before and after the
experience described in the paper, but other kinds of evidence would
also make sense, depending on context. Experience drawn from a single
person’s experience may be sufficient, but more weight will be given to
evidence drawn from the experience of groups of people.

An Experience Report should be short and to the point. For an industrial
project, it should make a claim about how well functional programming
worked and why; for a pedagogy paper, it might make a claim about the
suitability of a particular teaching style or educational exercise.
Either way, it should produce evidence to substantiate the claim. If
functional programming worked in this case in the same ways it has
worked for others, the paper need only summarise the results — the main
part of the paper should discuss how well it worked and in what context.
Most readers will not want to know all the details of the experience and
its implementation, but the paper should characterise it and its context
well enough so that readers can judge to what degree this experience is
relevant to their own circumstances. The paper should take care to
highlight any unusual aspects; specifics about the experience are more
valuable than generalities about functional programming.

If the paper not only describes experience but also presents new
technical results, or if the experience refutes cherished beliefs of the
functional-programming community, it may be better to submit it as a
full paper, which will be judged by the usual criteria of novelty,
originality, and relevance. The Program Chair will be happy to advise on
any concerns about which category to submit to.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Tue 5 - Thu 7 Sep 2023
  Conference

  Sat 5 Aug 2023
  Early-bird registration deadline for all ICFP and related events

  Tue 18 Jul 2023
  Camera-ready deadline

  Tue 27 Jun 2023
  Round 2 notification

  Thu 18 May 2023
  Round 1 notification

  Mon 1 May - Thu 4 May 2023
  Author response period

  Wed 1 Mar 2023 23:59
  Submission deadline
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Submission Link

https://icfp23.hotcrp.com

Program Committee

-   
    [Sam Lindley]
    Sam LindleyPC Chair

    University of Edinburgh

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Matthew Flatt]
    Matthew FlattAssociate Chair

    University of Utah

    United States
-   
    [Michael D. Adams]
    Michael D. Adams

    National University of Singapore

    United States
-   
    [Lennart Augustsson]
    Lennart Augustsson

    Epic Games
-   
    [Josh Berdine]
    Josh Berdine

    Meta

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Aggelos Biboudis]
    Aggelos Biboudis

    Oracle

    Switzerland
-   
    [Laura Bocchi]
    Laura Bocchi

    University of Kent

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Jonathan Immanuel Brachthäuser]
    Jonathan Immanuel Brachthäuser

    University of Tübingen

    Germany
-   
    [Oliver Bračevac]
    Oliver Bračevac

    Galois, Inc.

    United States
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    James Chapman

    Input Output
-   
    [Liang-Ting Chen]
    Liang-Ting Chen

    Academia Sinica

    Taiwan
-   
    [Andreea Costea]
    Andreea Costea

    School of Computing, National University Of Singapore

    Singapore
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Stephen Dolan

    Jane Street
-   
    [Paul Downen]
    Paul Downen

    University of Massachusetts Lowell

    United States
-   
    [Sebastian Erdweg]
    Sebastian Erdweg

    JGU Mainz

    Germany
-   
    [Simon J. Gay]
    Simon J. Gay

    University of Glasgow, UK

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Jeremy Gibbons]
    Jeremy Gibbons

    Department of Computer Science, University of Oxford

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Andy Gill]
    Andy Gill

    Rain Neuromorphics, USA
-   
    [Hannah Gommerstadt]
    Hannah Gommerstadt

    Vassar College
-   
    [Michael Greenberg]
    Michael Greenberg

    Stevens Institute of Technology

    United States
-   
    [Andrew K. Hirsch]
    Andrew K. Hirsch

    University at Buffalo, SUNY

    United States
-   
    [Zhenjiang Hu]
    Zhenjiang Hu

    Peking University

    China
-   
    [Chung-Kil Hur]
    Chung-Kil Hur

    Seoul National University

    South Korea
-   
    [Patrik Jansson]
    Patrik Jansson

    Chalmers University of Technology

    Sweden
-   
    [Alan Jeffrey]
    Alan Jeffrey

    Roblox

    United States
-   
    [Yukiyoshi Kameyama]
    Yukiyoshi Kameyama

    University of Tsukuba

    Japan
-   
    [Shin-ya Katsumata]
    Shin-ya Katsumata

    National Institute of Informatics

    Japan
-   
    [Delia Kesner]
    Delia Kesner

    Université Paris Cité - CNRS - IRIF; Institut Universitaire de France

    France
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Gerwin Klein

    Proofcraft; UNSW

    Australia
-   
    [José Pedro Magalhães]
    José Pedro Magalhães

    Standard Chartered Bank

    United Kingdom
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Sonia Marin

    University of Birmingham

    United Kingdom
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Dylan McDermott

    Reykjavik University

    Iceland
-   
    [James McKinna]
    James McKinna

    Heriot-Watt University

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Jan Midtgaard]
    Jan Midtgaard

    Tarides

    Denmark
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Sean Moss

    University of Oxford
-   
    [Lionel Parreaux]
    Lionel Parreaux

    HKUST (The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology)
-   
    [Benjamin C. Pierce]
    Benjamin C. Pierce

    University of Pennsylvania

    United States
-   
    [Gabriel Radanne]
    Gabriel Radanne

    Inria

    France
-   
    [Tahina Ramananandro]
    Tahina Ramananandro

    Microsoft Research

    United States
-   
    [Talia Ringer]
    Talia Ringer

    University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

    United States
-   
    [Amos Robinson]
    Amos Robinson

    Australian National University, Australia

    Australia
-   
    [Susmit Sarkar]
    Susmit Sarkar

    University of St. Andrews
-   
    [Satnam Singh]
    Satnam Singh

    Groq

    United States
-   
    [Armando Solar-Lezama]
    Armando Solar-Lezama

    Massachusetts Institute of Technology

    United States
-   
    [Arnaud Spiwack]
    Arnaud Spiwack

    Tweag

    France
-   
    [Kathrin Stark]
    Kathrin Stark

    Heriot-Watt University

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Jonathan Sterling]
    Jonathan Sterling

    Aarhus University

    Denmark
-   
    [Éric Tanter]
    Éric Tanter

    University of Chile
-   
    [Peter Thiemann]
    Peter Thiemann

    University of Freiburg, Germany
-   
    [Sam Tobin-Hochstadt]
    Sam Tobin-Hochstadt

    Indiana University
-   
    [Takeshi Tsukada]
    Takeshi Tsukada

    Chiba University

    Japan
-   
    [Niki Vazou]
    Niki Vazou

    IMDEA Software Institute
-   
    [Marcos Viera]
    Marcos Viera

    University of the Republic, Uruguay
-   
    [Beta Ziliani]
    Beta Ziliani

    FAMAF, UNC and Manas.Tech

    Argentina

xWed 5 Feb 17:56

ICFP 2023

contact form

------------------------------------------------------------------------

using conf.researchr.org (v1.69.0)
Support page

Tracks

Artifact Evaluation
ICFP Keynotes
ICFP Papers and Events
ICFP Workshops
Student Research Competition
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Tutorials
Volunteers

Workshops

DeclMed 2023
Erlang 2023
FARM 2023
FHPNC 2023
FUNARCH 2023
HIW 2023
HOPE 2023
Higher-order, Typed, Inferred, Strict: ML Family Workshop 2023
OCaml 2023
PLMW @ ICFP 2023
Scheme 2023
TyDe 2023
miniKanren 2023

Co-hosted Symposia

Haskell 2023

Attending

Hotel: The Westin Seattle
Call For Sponsorship
Travel Information
Local Information
Registration
Accessibility
Code of Conduct
Virtual participation
Instructions for Presenters
Diversity and Inclusion

Sign Up
