POPL 2026

Sun 11 - Sat 17 January 2026 Rennes, France

Toggle navigation

-   Attending
    -   Venue: Le Couvent des Jacobins
-   Track/Call
-   Organization
    -   -   POPL 2026 Committees
        -   Organizing Committee
        -   AV Committee
        -   Student Volunteers
        -   Track Committees
        -   Program Committee
        -   Contributors
        -   People Index
-   Search
-   Series
    -   Series
    -   POPL 2026
    -   POPL 2025
    -   POPL 2024
    -   POPL 2023
    -   POPL 2022
    -   POPL 2021
    -   POPL 2020
    -   POPL 2019
    -   POPL 2018
    -   POPL 2017
    -   POPL 2016

-   Sign in
-   Sign up

POPL 2026 (series) /

POPL Research Papers

-   POPL 2026 Call for Papers
-   FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing

POPL 2026 Call for Papers

Coming Soon

FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing

General

Q: Why are you using double-blind reviewing?

A: Studies have shown that a reviewer’s attitude toward a submission may
be affected, even unconsciously, by the identity of the authors. We want
reviewers to be able to approach each submission without any such,
possibly involuntary, pre-judgment. Many computer science conferences
have embraced double-blind reviewing. POPL has used double-blind
reviewing for several years now as stipulated in the Principles of POPL.

Q: Why are you using full double-blind reviewing instead of lightweight
double-blind reviewing?

A: For about a decade, POPL used lightweight double-blind review
(double-blind until PC members submit reviews). For POPL 2023, the
conference switched to full double-blind review (double-blind until
conditional acceptance). There are benefits and drawbacks to both
approaches, but based on our experience so far, the benefits of
full-double blind seem to outweight the drawbacks.

Q: Do you really think blinding actually works? I suspect reviewers can
often guess who the authors are anyway.

A: It is relatively rare for authorship to be guessed correctly, even by
expert reviewers, as detailed in this study.

Q: Couldn’t blind submission create an injustice where a paper is
inappropriately rejected based upon supposedly-prior work which was
actually by the same authors and not previously published?

A: Yes, but we have mechanisms in place to prevent such an injustice
from occurring. Reviewers are held accountable for their positions and
are required to identify any supposed prior work that they believe
undermines the novelty of the paper. Any assertion that “this has been
done before” by reviewers should be supported with concrete information.
The author response mechanism exists in part to hold reviewers
accountable for claims that may be incorrect. Moreover, if authors
believe that their paper is being misjudged due to the constraints of
double-blind review, they should feel free to get in touch with the
Program Chair.

For authors

Q: What exactly do I have to do to anonymize my paper?

A: Use common sense. Your job is not to make your identity
undiscoverable but simply to make it possible for reviewers to evaluate
your submission without having to know who you are. The specific
guidelines stated in the call for papers are simple: omit authors’ names
from your title page, and when you cite your own work, refer to it in
the third person. For example, if your name is Smith and you have worked
on amphibious type systems, instead of saying “We extend our earlier
work on statically typed toads [Smith 2004],” you might say “We extend
Smith’s [2004] earlier work on statically typed toads.” Also, be sure
not to include any acknowledgements that would give away your identity,
and avoid revealing the institutional affiliation of authors or at which
the work was performed.

If you believe for some reason that it is impossible to anonymize your
paper without significantly weakening it, please feel free to get in
touch with the Program Chair to discuss the situation.

Q: I would like to provide supplementary material for consideration,
e.g., the code of my implementation or proofs of theorems. How do I do
this?

A (and also see the next question): On the submission site there will be
an option to submit supplementary material along with your main paper.
This supplementary material should also be anonymized; it may be viewed
by reviewers during the review period, so it should adhere to the same
double-blind guidelines.

Q: My submission is based on code available in a public repository or I
would like to provide a link to an online demo. How do I deal with this?

A: We discourage the use of external links, but sometimes the most
convenient way to share suplementary material such as code or datasets
is to include a link to a github repository or a google drive, but it is
very important that they are fully anonymized. In particular, a link to
your working code repository that exposes the identities of the
contributors will be in violation of the double blind policy.

The same holds for online demos; reviewers should be able to visit the
online demo and potentially browse its source code without being exposed
to the identity of the authors (watch out for copyright statements, for
example).

You should keep in mind that reviewers are under no obligation to review
any supplementary material, including externally linked data or code,
and reviewers may chose not to visit any externally linked material.

Needless to say, attempting to discover the reviewers for your paper by
tracking visitors to a public repository or an online demo would
constitute a breach of academic integrity.

Q: I am building on my own past work on the WizWoz system. Do I need to
rename this system in my paper for purposes of anonymity, so as to
remove the implied connection between my authorship of past work on this
system and my present submission?

A: No. The relationship between systems and authors changes over time,
so there will be at least some doubt about authorship. Increasing this
doubt by changing the system name would help with anonymity, but it
would compromise the research process. In particular, changing the name
requires explaining a lot about the system again because you can’t just
refer to the existing papers, which use the proper name. Not citing
these papers runs the risk of the reviewers who know about the existing
system thinking you are replicating earlier work. It is also confusing
for the reviewers to read about the paper under Name X and then have the
name be changed to Name Y. Will all the reviewers go and re-read the
final version with the correct name? If not, they have the wrong name in
their heads, which could be harmful in the long run.

Q: I am submitting a paper that extends my own work that previously
appeared at a workshop. Should I anonymize any reference to that prior
work?

A: If the previous workshop publication resulted in a published paper,
then your POPL submission will be judged on the significance of its
delta with respect to that earlier paper. In that case, you should
definitely cite the earlier paper as you would any other paper (i.e., in
the third person, not revealing that you were the author of the earlier
paper) and explain the delta. If, on the other hand, the work presented
at an earlier workshop was not accompanied by a proper publication
(e.g., if it was just a talk), then your POPL submission may very well
have significant overlap with it and citing the workshop work would
effectively unblind your paper. In such a case, it is not necessary to
cite the earlier presentation. Instead, please mention it in the
“Confidential Comments for the Program Chair” field of the HotCRP form
so that the Program Chair is aware of the situation. When in doubt, ask
the Program Chair for guidance.

Q: I want to cite some related work that itself cites an earlier version
of my paper/system that appeared previously online. But that would
effectively unblind my submission. What do I do?

A: It is difficult to give a general answer to this question. Ask the
Program Chair for guidance.

Q: My submission presents a technique that I employed in the development
of previous papers but which was never properly described in those
papers. If I mention that my technique was used in those previous
papers, I am effectively unblinding my submission, but if I don’t
mention it, reviewers may think I am ripping off my own prior work. What
do I do?

A: It is difficult to give a general answer to this question. Ask the
Program Chair for guidance.

Q: Am I allowed to post my (non-blinded) paper on my web page? Can I
advertise the unblinded version of my paper on mailing lists or send it
to colleagues? Can I give a talk about my work while it is under review?
How do I handle social media? What about arXiv?

A: We have developed guidelines, described here, to help everyone
navigate in the same way the tension between (1) the normal
communication of scientific results, which double-blind reviewing should
not impede, and (2) actions that essentially force potential reviewers
to learn the identity of the authors for a submission. Roughly speaking,
you may (of course!) discuss work under submission, but you should not
broadly advertise your work through media that is likely to reach your
reviewers. We acknowledge there are grey areas and trade-offs; we cannot
describe every possible scenario.

Things you may do:

-   Submit your paper to POPL, even if a previous version of it – under
    the same title or a different title – has been presented at an
    informal workshop, published on arXiv, or submitted to a previous
    conference or workshop.
-   Post your submission on your home page, your institutional
    repository, or arXiv, before or after the deadline (under whatever
    title you want).
-   Discuss your work with anyone who is not on the PC, or with PC
    members with whom you already have a conflict.
-   Present your work at professional meetings, informal workshops, or
    job interviews during the POPL review period.

The above is not an exhaustive list: when in doubt, ask the Program
Chair.

Things you should not do:

-   Contact PC members (with whom you are not conflicted) about your
    work.
-   Publicize your work on major mailing lists used by the community
    (because potential reviewers likely read these lists).
-   Publicize your work on social media if wide public [re-]propagation
    is common (e.g., Twitter) and therefore likely to reach potential
    reviewers. For example, on Facebook, a post with a broad privacy
    setting (public or all friends) saying, “Whew, POPL paper in, time
    to sleep” is okay, but one describing the work or giving its title
    is not appropriate. Alternately, a post to a group including only
    the colleagues at your institution is fine.

Reviewers will not be asked to recuse themselves from reviewing your
paper unless they feel you have gone out of your way to advertise your
authorship information to them. If you are unsure about what constitutes
“going out of your way”, please contact the Program Chair.

Q: Will the fact that POPL is double-blind have an impact on handling
conflicts-of-interest?

A: Double-blind reviewing does not change the principle that reviewers
should not review papers with which they have a conflict of interest,
even if they do not immediately know who the authors are. Authors
declare conflicts of interest when submitting their papers using the
guidelines in the call for papers. Papers will not be assigned to
reviewers who have a conflict.

For reviewers

Q: What should I do if I learn the authors’ identity? What should I do
if a prospective POPL author contacts me and asks to visit my
institution?

A: You should not treat double-blind reviewing differently from other
reviewing. In particular, as explained above, it is fine for authors to
give talks about their work (at workshops, job interviews, etc.), they
cannot control who will attend their talks, and you as a PC member
should not feel that you are prevented from attending their talks.
Knowing (for whatever reason) that a paper was written by a certain
author does not prevent you from reviewing the paper.

That said, if you feel that the authors’ actions are in flagrant
violation of double-blind review, that is a point of concern. For
example, if an author e-mails you their brand new POPL submission and
asks to visit your institution to discuss it, that would clearly not be
appropriate. There is a grey zone here, so use your best judgment, and
when in doubt, ask the Program Chair how to proceed.

Q: The authors have provided a URL to supplemental material. I would
like to see the material but I worry they will snoop my IP address and
learn my identity. What should I do?

A: You are under no obligation to follow any URLs to external
supplementary material. If the submission is not self contained and does
not convince you by itself about its merits, then the paper should not
be accepted. If you ever have reason to suspect that your anonymity was
compromised through your following of a link, please share that
information with the PC chair immediately, as this would constitute a
breach of academic integrity on the part of the authors.

Q: If I am assigned a paper for which I feel I am not an expert, how do
I seek an outside review?

A: PC members should do their own reviews, not delegate them to someone
else. If doing so is problematic for some papers, e.g., you don’t feel
completely qualified to review them, or if you know someone who would be
the perfect reviewer for the paper, then bring this to the attention of
the Associate Chair handling your paper, and discuss with them potential
external reviewers (or other PC members) who might be able to provide an
expert review. Then, submit a review for the paper that is as careful as
possible, pointing out the areas where you think your knowledge is
lacking. The Associate Chairs will manage the process of ensuring that
papers receive sufficient expert reviews; please do not contact outside
reviewers yourself.

Q: How do we handle potential conflicts of interest since I cannot see
the author names?

A: The conference review system will ask that you identify conflicts of
interest when you get an account on the submission system. It is
critical that you enter these at least a week before the POPL submission
deadline. Feel free to also identify additional authors whose papers you
feel you could not review fairly for reasons other than those given
(e.g., strong personal friendship).

Q: How should I avoid learning the authors’ identity if I am using
web-search in the process of performing my review?

A: You should make a good-faith effort not to find the authors’ identity
during the review period, but if you inadvertently do so, this does not
disqualify you from reviewing the paper. As part of the good-faith
effort, avoid using search engines with terms like the paper’s title or
the name of a new system being discussed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

These guidelines are largely based on guidelines for POPL 2023, with a
few modifications by Derek Dreyer based on discussions with the POPL
Steering Committee. The earlier guidelines evolved from guidelines used
at POPL and PLDI for a number of years, which originated in guidelines
created by Mike Hicks for POPL 2012.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Thu 10 Jul 2025new
  Paper submission deadline

  Mon 8 Sep 2025new
  Beginning of author response period

  Thu 11 Sep 2025new
  End of author response period

  Thu 2 Oct 2025new
  Conditional Accept Decisions Announced
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Program Committee

-   
    [Suresh Jagannathan]
    Suresh JagannathanProgram Chair

    Purdue University

    United States
-   
    [Colin Gordon]
    Colin GordonAssociate Chair

    Drexel University

    United States
-   
    [Laura Kovacs]
    Laura KovacsAssociate Chair

    Vienna University of Technology (TU Wien)

    Austria
-   
    [Robbert Krebbers]
    Robbert KrebbersAssociate Chair

    Radboud University Nijmegen

    Netherlands
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Sam StatonAssociate Chair

    University of Oxford

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Stephanie Weirich]
    Stephanie WeirichAssociate Chair

    University of Pennsylvania

    United States

xWed 5 Feb 20:24

POPL 2026

contact form

------------------------------------------------------------------------

using conf.researchr.org (v1.69.0)
Support page

Tracks

POPL

Attending

Venue: Le Couvent des Jacobins

Sign Up
