-   ETAPS 2024
    -   Call for Papers
    -   Accepted Papers
    -   Programme
    -   Satellite Events
    -   ESOP 2024
    -   FASE 2024
    -   FoSSaCS 2024
    -   TACAS 2024
    -   Industry Day
    -   SPIN 2024
    -   ESSS
    -   Student Scholarship
    -   Organizers
    -   Registration
    -   Attending
    -   Social Events
    -   Poster Book
    -   ETAPS Daily
-   About
    -   About ETAPS
    -   ETAPS Association
    -   Steering Committee
    -   Sustainability
    -   ETAPS-F
    -   FoPSS Schools
    -   Anti-Harassment Policy
    -   DEI Policy
    -   Disclaimer
-   Conferences
    -   ESOP
    -   FASE
    -   FoSSaCS
    -   TACAS
    -   Proceedings
-   Awards
    -   Best Paper
    -   Test of Time
    -   Doctoral Dissertation
    -   Test-of-Time Tool
    -   Lifetime
-   Past Editions
-   ETAPS Blog
-   Future Editions
    -   ETAPS 2026
-   Log in | Join us

Log in | Join us

ETAPS Joint Call for Papers

Luxembourg City, Luxembourg, 6–11 April 2024

Important Dates

-   Submission deadline: 12 October 2023, 23:59 AoE,
    authors can update submissions by 16 October 2023, 23:59 AoE
-   TACAS artifact submission deadline: 26 October 2023
-   Rebuttal (ESOP, FoSSaCS, partially TACAS): Tuesday 5 December –
    Thursday 7 December 2023
-   Paper notification: 21 December 2023
-   ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS artifact submission deadline: 4 January 2024
-   Artifact notification TACAS: 18 January 2024
-   Paper final version: 23 January 2024
-   Artifact notification ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS: 8 February 2024
-   Main Conference: 8–11 April 2024

Paper Submission

-   ESOP
-   FASE
-   FoSSaCS
-   TACAS

Joint Call For Papers

ABOUT ETAPS

ETAPS is the primary forum for academic and industrial researchers
working on topics relating to software science. ETAPS, established in
1998, is a confederation of four annual conferences accompanied by
satellite workshops. ETAPS 2024 is the twenty-seventh event in the
series.

Why choose ETAPS?

-   ETAPS is one of the world’s leading fora for research on software
    science, with a history of more than 25 years.
-   The proceedings of ETAPS appear in gold open access, with no article
    processing charge for the authors specifically.
-   All constituent conferences provide artifact evaluation.
-   In addition to the conference, ETAPS also unites the software
    science community with activities such as a blog on software
    science, a PhD workshop, and sessions on diversity and inclusion.

What is new in 2024?

-   New submission categories at ESOP—“Experience reports” and “Fresh
    perspectives”
-   Alignment of the artifact evaluation process of the different
    conferences.

MAIN CONFERENCES (8 – 11 April 2024)

-   ESOP: European Symposium on Programming (PC chair: Stephanie
    Weirich, University of Pennsylvania, USA)
-   FASE: Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering (PC chairs:
    Dirk Beyer, LMU Munich, Germany, Ana Cavalcanti, University of York,
    UK)
-   FoSSaCS: Foundations of Software Science and Computation Structures
    (PC chairs: Naoki Kobayashi, The University of Tokyo, Japan James
    Worrell, University of Oxford, UK)
-   TACAS: Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of
    Systems (PC chairs: Bernd Finkbeiner, CISPA, Germany, Laura Kovacs,
    TU Wien, Austria)

INVITED SPEAKERS

Keynote speakers:

-   Lars Birkedal, Aarhus University
-   Sandrine Blazy, University of Rennes
-   Jerome Leroux, Laboratoire Bordelais de Recherche en Informatique
-   Ruzica Piskac, Yale University

Tutorial speakers:

-   Tamar Sharon, Radboud University
-   David Monniaux, Verimag

IMPORTANT DATES

-   Paper submission: 12 October 2023, 23:59 AoE
-   TACAS artifact submission deadline: 26 October 2023, 23:59 AoE
-   Rebuttal (ESOP, FoSSaCS, partially TACAS): 5 December – 7 December
    2023
-   Paper notification: 21 December 2023
-   ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS artifact submission deadline: 4 January 2024
-   Artifact notification TACAS: 18 January 2024
-   Paper final version: 23 January 2024
-   Artifact notification ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS: 8 February 2024
-   Main Conference: 8 – 11 April 2024

SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS

The four main conferences of ETAPS 2024 solicit contributions of the
following types. All page limits are given excluding the bibliography
and appendices.

-   ESOP: regular research papers of max. 25 pages, experience reports
    of max. 15 pages, and fresh perspectives providing new insights on
    programming languages and systems of max. 15 pages.
-   FASE: regular research papers and empirical evaluation papers of
    max. 18 pages, new ideas and emerging results (NIER) papers of max.
    8 pages, tool demonstration papers of max. 6 pages (+ mandatory
    appendix of max. 6 pages),
-   FoSSaCS: regular research papers of max. 18 pages
-   TACAS: regular research papers, case study papers, and regular tool
    papers of max. 16 pages, tool demonstration papers of max. 6 pages

For definitions of the different paper types and specific instructions,
where they are present, see the web pages of the individual conferences.

All accepted papers will appear in Springer proceedings and have
presentations during the conference. A condition of submission is that,
if the submission is accepted, one of the authors attends the conference
to give the presentation. We plan ETAPS 2024 as an on-site conference.

Submitted papers must be in English, presenting original research. They
must be unpublished and not submitted for publication elsewhere. In
particular, simultaneous submission of the same contribution to multiple
ETAPS conferences is forbidden.

Submissions must follow the formatting guidelines of Springer’s LNCS
(use the llncs.cls class) and be submitted electronically in pdf through
the Easychair author interface of the respective conference. Submissions
not adhering to the specified format and length may be rejected
immediately.

ESOP, FASE, and TACAS will use double-blind reviewing (in the case of
TACAS, only for regular research papers). Authors are asked to omit
their names and institutions; refer to prior work in the third person,
just as prior work by others; not to include acknowledgments that might
identify them.

ESOP and FoSSaCS will use an author rebuttal phase. TACAS will use
rebuttal for selected submissions (those in the grey zone).

Artifact submission and evaluation

All ETAPS conferences support the EAPLS badging system. This includes
that the “Artifact Available” badge will be assigned to all papers that
have a Data-Availability Statement and cite to a long-term archived
artifact to support the results of their paper. This badge can be
assigned without artifact evaluation, for all conferences, for all paper
categories.

TACAS requires regular tool papers and tool demonstration paper to be
accompanied by an artifact submitted shortly after the paper. The
artifact will be evaluated, and the outcome will be considered in the
paper’s acceptance decision. For research paper and case study paper
submissions, pre-paper-acceptance submission of an artifact is optional;
if an artifact is submitted at this point, it will be handled as
described above. Alternatively, authors of papers of these categories
may submit an artifact for evaluation after the paper has been accepted.
The outcome of the artifact evaluation will then not change the paper
acceptance decision.

ESOP, FASE, and FoSSaCS will accept artifact submissions; however,
participation in it is voluntary; the artifact submission deadline is
after the paper notification deadline. The outcome will not alter the
paper acceptance decision.

For ESOP, artifacts may be submitted with an accompanying short 5-page
experience report (including 1-page bibliography) that will appear in
the conference proceedings.

For specific instructions regarding artifacts, see the web pages of the
individual conferences.

PUBLICATION

The proceedings will be published in the Advanced Research in Computing
and Software Science (ARCoSS) subline of Springer’s LNCS series. The
proceedings volumes will appear in gold open access, so the published
versions of all papers will be available for everyone to download from
the publisher’s website freely from the date of online publication,
perpetually. The copyright of the papers will remain with the authors.

AWARDS

The strongest papers from the four conferences will be nominated for the
ETAPS best paper awards of EAPLS, EASST, and EATCS, and the SCP best
tool paper award.

The ETAPS Test-of-Time Award will be granted, recognizing outstanding
papers published at ETAPS more than ten years in the past.

The ETAPS Test-of-Time Tool Award acknowledges the importance of
reliable and well-maintained research tools and the significant effort
that their creation and maintenance entails.

The Doctoral Dissertation Award will be granted to promote and recognize
an outstanding dissertation in the research areas covered by the four
main ETAPS conferences.

All nominated papers will be highlighted in the program.

SATELLITE EVENTS (6 – 7 April 2024)

A number of satellite workshops and other events will take place during
the weekend before the main conferences.

CITY AND HOST INSTITUTION

ETAPS 2024 will take place in Parc Alvisse Hotel 4*, Luxembourg City,
Luxembourg. Located in a peaceful and green environment on the outskirts
of Luxembourg City, just a 10-minutes drive from the city center and the
airport, the Parc Hotel Alvisse opens its doors to you on a vast and
refurbished complex for the greatest comfort of its customers. This
luxury hotel also has an indoor swimming pool, a bar/lounge, and a
fitness center.

ORGANIZERS

-   Peter Y.A. Ryan, University of Luxembourg
-   Peter Roenne, CNRS, LORIA, Université de Lorraine
-   Magali Martin, Event coordinator, University of Luxembourg

[]

ETAPS International Joint Conferences On Theory & Practice Of Software

ETAPS Association

Internal

Responsible for these web pages:
Jan Kofroň
Faculty of Mathematics and Physics
Charles University, Czech Republic
E-mail: firstname.lastname [at] d3s.mff.cuni.cz
Phone: +420 951 554 285

ETAPS Policies | Disclaimer

© 2022–2025 ETAPS Association. All rights reserved.
