-   ETAPS 2023
    -   Call for Papers
    -   Conferences
    -   Programme
    -   Proceedings
    -   Satellite Events
    -   Invited Speakers
    -   Social Events
    -   Registration
    -   Attending
    -   Organizers
-   About
    -   About ETAPS
    -   ETAPS Association
    -   Steering Committee
    -   Sustainability
    -   ETAPS-F
    -   FoPSS Schools
    -   Anti-Harassment Policy
    -   DEI Policy
    -   Disclaimer
-   Conferences
    -   ESOP
    -   FASE
    -   FoSSaCS
    -   TACAS
    -   Proceedings
-   Awards
    -   Best Paper
    -   Test of Time
    -   Doctoral Dissertation
    -   Test-of-Time Tool
    -   Lifetime
-   Past Editions
-   ETAPS Blog
-   Future Editions
    -   ETAPS 2026
-   Log in | Join us

Log in | Join us

ETAPS Joint Call for Papers

Paris, France, 22–27 April 2023

Important Dates

-   Submission deadline: 13 October 2022, 23:59 AoE
-   TACAS artifact submission deadline: 10 November 2022
-   Rebuttal (ESOP, FoSSaCS, partially TACAS): Tuesday 6 December –
    Thursday 8 December 2022
-   Paper notification: 22 December 2022
-   ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS artifact submission deadline: 5 January 2023
-   TACAS mandatory-artefact notification for conditionally accepted
    papers: 19 January 2023
-   Paper final version: 26 January 2023
-   Artifact notification ESOP, FASE, FoSSaCS, TACAS: 9 February 2023

Paper Submission

-   ESOP
-   FASE
-   FoSSaCS
-   TACAS
-   SPIN

Additional Information

Why choose ETAPS?

moreless

-   ETAPS is one of the world’s leading fora for research on software
    science, with a history of more than 25 years.
-   The proceedings of ETAPS appear in gold open access, with no article
    processing charge for the authors specifically.
-   ETAPS has low participation fees for all and students in particular.

What is new in 2023?

moreless

-   ESOP, FASE, and newly also FoSSaCS welcome voluntary submissions of
    artefacts for evaluation after paper acceptance; the outcome will
    not change the paper acceptance decision.
-   Presentations of the test-of-time-award and the
    doctoral-dissertation-award winners will take place.
-   A plenary session for TOOLympics will be organised.

Main conferences (24–27 April 2023)

moreless

-   ESOP: European Symposium on Programming (PC chair: Thomas Wies, New
    York University)
-   FASE: Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering (PC chairs:
    Leen Lambers, BTU Cottbus-Senftenberg, and Sebastián Uchitel,
    University of Buenos Aires)
-   FoSSaCS: Foundations of Software Science and Computation Structures
    (PC chairs: Pawel Sobocinski, Tallinn University of Technology, and
    Orna Kupferman, Hebrew University of Jerusalem)
-   TACAS: Tools and Algorithms for the Construction and Analysis of
    Systems (PC chairs: Sriram Sankaranarayanan, University of Colorado,
    Boulder, CO, and Natasha Sharygina, University of Lugano)

ETAPS'23 will also host another edition of TOOLympics, organised by Dirk
Beyer, Fabrice Kordon, and Arnd Hartmanns.

Invited speakers

moreless

-   Unifying speakers: Thomas A. Henzinger (IST, Austria) Véronique
    Cortier (Loria, France)
-   ESOP: Mooly Shagiv (Tel Aviv University, Israel)
-   FASE: Sven Apel (Saarland University, Germany)
-   Tutorial speakers: TBA

Submission instructions

moreless

The four main conferences of ETAPS 2023 solicit contributions of the
following types. All page limits are given excluding the bibliography.

-   ESOP: regular research papers of max 25 pp
-   FASE: regular research papers and empirical evaluation papers of max
    18 pp, new ideas and emerging results (NIER) papers of max 8 pp,
    tool demonstration papers of max 6 pp (+ mandatory appendix of max 6
    pp),
-   FoSSaCS: regular research papers of max 18 pp
-   TACAS: regular research papers, case study papers and regular tool
    papers of max 16 pp, tool demonstration papers of max 6 pp For
    definitions of the different paper types and specific instructions,
    where they are present, see the webpages of the individual
    conferences. All accepted papers will appear in the proceedings and
    have presentations during the conference. A condition of submission
    is that, if the submission is accepted, one of the authors attends
    the conference to give the presentation. We plan ETAPS 2023 as an
    on-site conference; nonetheless, remote attendance and presentation
    will be made possible. Submitted papers must be in English,
    presenting original research. They must be unpublished and not
    submitted for publication elsewhere. In particular, simultaneous
    submission of the same contribution to multiple ETAPS conferences is
    forbidden. Submissions must follow the formatting guidelines of
    Springer’s LNCS (use the llncs.cls class) and be submitted
    electronically in pdf through the Easychair author interface of the
    respective conference. Submissions not adhering to the specified
    format and length may be rejected immediately. ESOP and FASE will
    use double-blind reviewing. Authors are asked to omit their names
    and institutions; refer to prior work in the third person, just as
    prior work by others; not to include acknowledgements that might
    identify them. ESOP and FoSSaCS will use an author rebuttal phase.
    TACAS will use rebuttal for selected submissions (those in the grey
    zone).

Artefact submission and evaluation

moreless

Regular tool paper and tool demonstration paper submissions to TACAS
must be accompanied by an artefact submitted shortly after the paper.
The artefact will be evaluated, and the outcome will be considered in
the paper’s acceptance decision.

For research paper and case study paper submissions,
pre-paper-acceptance submission of an artefact is optional; if an
artefact is submitted at this point, it will be handled as described
above.

Alternatively, authors of papers of these categories may submit an
artefact for evaluation after the paper has been accepted. The outcome
of the artefact evaluation will then not change the paper acceptance
decision.

ESOP, FASE, and FoSSaCS will accept artefact submissions; however,
participation in it is voluntary; the artefact submission deadline is
after the paper notification deadline. The outcome will not alter the
paper acceptance decision.

For specific instructions regarding artefacts, see the web pages of the
individual conferences.

Publication

moreless

The proceedings will be published in the Advanced Research in Computing
and Software Science (ARCoSS) subline of Springer’s LNCS series. The
proceedings volumes will appear in gold open access, so the published
versions of all papers will be available for everyone to download from
the publisher’s website freely, from the date of online publication,
perpetually. The copyright of the papers will remain with the authors.

Awards

moreless

The strongest papers from the four conferences will be nominated for the
ETAPS best paper awards of EAPLS, EASST and EATCS, and the SCP best tool
paper award.

The ETAPS test-of-time award will be granted, recognising outstanding
papers published at ETAPS more than ten years in the past.

The Doctoral Dissertation Award will be granted to promote and recognise
an outstanding dissertation in the research areas covered by the four
main ETAPS conferences.

Satellite events (22-23 April, 2023)

moreless

A number of satellite workshops and other events will take place during
the weekend before the main conferences.

In particular, there will be a PhD student mentoring workshop organised
by Caterina Urban and Wolfgang Ahrendt.

City and host institution

moreless

ETAPS 2023 will take place in Paris, France. The conferences and
satellite events will be hosted at Sorbonne Université and IHP (Institut
Henri Poincaré), respectively. They are located in the very centre of
the city, in the famous historic district of Quartier Latin. The new
museum of mathematical sciences of IHP and the historical mathematics
library are also in the same buildings as the satellite events. Several
museums, churches and historical buildings can be visited in this area.
The convenient location allows for accessing most places in Paris by
public transport. ETAPS is organised by the MeFoSyLoMa community, which
gathers all researchers on formal methods for software and hardware
systems in the Île-de-France region.

[]

ETAPS International Joint Conferences On Theory & Practice Of Software

ETAPS Association

Internal

Responsible for these web pages:
Jan Kofroň
Faculty of Mathematics and Physics
Charles University, Czech Republic
E-mail: firstname.lastname [at] d3s.mff.cuni.cz
Phone: +420 951 554 285

ETAPS Policies | Disclaimer

© 2022–2025 ETAPS Association. All rights reserved.
