POPL 2023

Sun 15 - Sat 21 January 2023 Boston, Massachusetts, United States

Toggle navigation

-   Attending
    -   Venue: Boston Park Plaza
    -   Supporting POPL
    -   Registration
    -   Information for Students
    -   Information for Presenters
    -   Information for Virtual Attendees
    -   Nearby Events
-   Program
    -   POPL Program
    -   Your Program
    -   Filter by Day
        -   Sun 15 Jan
        -   Mon 16 Jan
        -   Tue 17 Jan
        -   Wed 18 Jan
        -   Thu 19 Jan
        -   Fri 20 Jan
        -   Sat 21 Jan
-   Tracks
    -   -   POPL 2023
        -   POPL
        -   Session Previews
        -   Artifact Evaluation
        -   Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
        -   Student Research Competition
        -   Student Volunteers
        -   TutorialFest
        -   Workshops and Co-located Events

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   CPP
        -   VMCAI
        -   Workshops
        -   CoqPL
        -   LAFI
            -   LAFI
            -   - Introduction to the tensor-programs framework, a PL
                approach that helps analyse theoretical properties of
                deep learning.
        -   PEPM
        -   PLMW @ POPL
        -   PriSC
        -   ProLaLa
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   PADL
-   Organization
    -   -   POPL 2023 Committees
        -   Organizing Committee
        -   Track Committees
        -   POPL
        -   Artifact Evaluation
        -   Student Research Competition
        -   TutorialFest
        -   Contributors
        -   People Index

    -   -   Co-hosted Conferences
        -   CPP
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   VMCAI
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Artifact Evaluation Committee
        -   Workshops
        -   CoqPL
            -   Program Committee
        -   LAFI
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   PEPM
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   PLMW @ POPL
            -   Organizing Committee
            -   Speakers
            -   Panelists
        -   PriSC
            -   Program Committee
            -   Steering Committee
        -   ProLaLa
            -   Program Committee
        -   Co-hosted Symposia
        -   PADL
            -   Programme Chairs
            -   Program Committee
-   Search
-   Series
    -   Series
    -   POPL 2026
    -   POPL 2025
    -   POPL 2024
    -   POPL 2023
    -   POPL 2022
    -   POPL 2021
    -   POPL 2020
    -   POPL 2019
    -   POPL 2018
    -   POPL 2017
    -   POPL 2016

-   Sign in
-   Sign up

POPL 2023 (series) /

POPL Research Papers

-   About
-   Program
-   Accepted Papers
-   FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing
-   POPL 2023 Call for Papers

The annual Symposium on Principles of Programming Languages is a forum
for the discussion of all aspects of programming languages and
programming systems. Both theoretical and experimental papers are
welcome on topics ranging from formal frameworks to experience reports.
We seek submissions that make principled, enduring contributions to the
theory, design, understanding, implementation or application of
programming languages.

The symposium is sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN, in cooperation with ACM
SIGACT and ACM SIGLOG.

POPL 2023 Call for Papers

PACMPL Issue POPL 2023 seeks contributions on all aspects of programming
languages and programming systems, both theoretical and practical.
Authors of papers published in PACMPL Issue POPL 2023 will be invited to
present their work in the POPL conference in January 2023, which is
sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN, in cooperation with ACM SIGACT and ACM SIGLOG.

Scope

Principles of Programming Languages (POPL) is a forum for the discussion
of all aspects of programming languages and programming systems. Both
theoretical and experimental papers are welcome, on topics ranging from
formal frameworks to experience reports. We seek submissions that make
principled, enduring contributions to the theory, design, understanding,
implementation, or application of programming languages.

Evaluation Criteria

The Review Committee will evaluate the technical contribution of each
submission as well as its accessibility to both experts and the general
POPL audience. All papers will be judged on significance, originality,
relevance, correctness, and clarity. Each paper must explain its
scientific contribution in both general and technical terms, identifying
what has been accomplished, explaining why it is significant, and
comparing it with previous work. Advice on writing technical papers can
be found on the SIGPLAN author information page.

Deadlines and formatting requirements, detailed below, will be strictly
enforced.

Evaluation Process

NEW THIS YEAR: POPL 2023 will use a double-blind reviewing process
(instead of the lightweight double-blind process used in recent years).
This means that identities of authors will not be visible to reviewers
until after conditional-acceptance decisions have been made. For
authors, the main change is that there is no option to upload
non-anonymized supplementary material; only anonymized supplementary
material may be submitted.

Also new this year: POPL 2023 will have three Associate Chairs who will
help the PC Chair monitor reviews, solicit external expert reviews for
submissions when there is not enough expertise on the committee, and
facilitate reviewer discussions.

As in previous years, authors will have a multi-day period to respond to
reviews, as indicated in the Important Dates table. Responses are
optional. A response must be concise, addressing specific points raised
in the reviews; in particular, it must not introduce new technical
results. Reviewers will write a short reaction to these author
responses.

The Review Committee (RC) will discuss papers electronically and, new
this year, also during two days of synchronous, face-to-face, virtual
Review Committee meetings. There will be no physical RC meeting; this
will avoid the time, cost, and environmental impact of transporting an
increasingly large committee to one point on the globe. There is no
formal External Review Committee, though experts outside the committee
will be consulted. Reviews will be accompanied by a short summary of the
reasons behind the committee’s decision with the goal of clarifying the
reasons behind the decision.

To conform with ACM requirements for journal publication, all POPL
papers will be conditionally accepted; authors will be required to
submit a short description of the changes made to the final version of
the paper, including how the changes address any requirements imposed by
the Review Committee. That the changes are sufficient will be confirmed
by the original reviewers prior to acceptance to POPL. Authors of
conditionally accepted papers must submit a satisfactory revision to the
Review Committee by the requested deadline or risk rejection.

For additional information about the reviewing process, see: Principles
of POPL, a presentation of the underlying organizational and reviewing
policies for POPL. For POPL 2023, policies specified in this Call for
Papers supersede those in the Principles of POPL document.

Double-Blind Reviewing

POPL 2023 will use double-blind reviewing. This means that author names
and affiliations must be omitted from the submission. Additionally, if
the submission refers to prior work done by the authors, that reference
should be made in third person. These are firm submission requirements.
Any supplementary material must also be anonymized.

The FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing clarifies the policy for the most
common scenarios. But there are many gray areas and trade-offs. If you
have any doubts about how to interpret the double-blind rules, please
contact the Program Chair. Make sure to contact the Program Chair for
complex cases that are not fully covered by the FAQ.

Submission Site Information

The submission site is https://popl23.hotcrp.com.

Authors can submit multiple times prior to the deadline. Only the last
submission will be reviewed. There is no abstract deadline. The
submission site requires entering author names and affiliations,
relevant topics, and potential conflicts. Addition or removal of authors
after the submission deadline will need to be approved by the Program
Chair (as this kind of change potentially undermines the goal of
eliminating conflicts during paper assignment).

The submission deadline is 11:59PM July 7, 2022 anywhere on earth:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anywhere_on_Earth

Conflicts of Interest

Conflicts should be declared between an adviser and an advisee (e.g.,
Ph.D., post-doc; forever), between an author and a co-author (papers and
proposals; for two years), between people at the same institution
(branches of large companies or different locations of research
institutes are considered to be the same institution; for two years
after leaving an institution), between people with financial conflicts
of interest, and between friends or relatives.

Please do not declare spurious conflicts: such incorrect conflicts are
especially harmful if the aim is to exclude potential reviewers, so
spurious conflicts can be grounds for rejection. If you are unsure about
a conflict, please consult the Program Chair.

Submission Guidelines

The following two points should not be overlooked:

-   Conflicts: For each submission, the authors must make sure that they
    properly declare all potential conflicts of interest for all of the
    authors of that submission. This includes marking PC conflicts as
    well as “Other Conflicts (external)”. A conflict caught late in the
    reviewing process leads to a voided review which may be infeasible
    to replace.
-   Anonymity: POPL 2023 will employ a double-blind reviewing process.
    Make sure that your submitted paper is fully anonymized.

Prior to the paper submission deadline, the authors will upload their
full anonymized paper. Each paper should have no more than 25 pages of
text, excluding bibliography, using the ACM Proceedings format. This
format is chosen for compatibility with PACMPL. It is a single-column
page layout with a 10 pt font, 12 pt line spacing, and wider margins
than recent POPL page layouts. In this format, the main text block is
5.478 in (13.91 cm) wide and 7.884 in (20.03 cm) tall. Use of a
different format (e.g., smaller fonts or a larger text block) is grounds
for summary rejection. PACMPL templates for Microsoft Word and LaTeX can
be found at the SIGPLAN author information page. In particular, authors
using LaTeX should use the sample-acmsmall-conf.tex file (found in the
samples folder of the acmart package) with the acmsmall option. We also
strongly encourage the review and screen options. Submissions may use
numeric citations, but final versions of accepted papers must use
author-year format for citations. Submissions should be in PDF and
printable on both US Letter and A4 paper. Papers may be resubmitted to
the submission site multiple times up until the deadline, but the last
version submitted before the deadline will be the version reviewed.
Papers that exceed the length requirement, that deviate from the
expected format, or that are submitted late will be rejected.

Submitted papers must adhere to the SIGPLAN Republication Policy and the
ACM Policy on Plagiarism. Concurrent submissions to other conferences,
workshops, journals, or similar forums of publication are not allowed.

POPL 2023 will employ a double-blind reviewing process. To facilitate
this, submitted papers must adhere to two rules:

1.  author names and institutions must be omitted, and
2.  references to authors’ own related work should be in the third
    person (e.g., not “We build on our previous work …” but rather “We
    build on the work of …”).

The purpose of this process is to help the Review Committee and external
reviewers come to a judgment about the paper without bias, not to make
it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try.
Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the
submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In
particular, important background references should not be omitted or
anonymized. In addition, authors may disseminate their ideas and post
draft versions of their paper on their webpage, but should not take
steps that would almost certainly reveal their identities to members of
the Review Committee, e.g., directly contacting RC members or
publicizing the work on social media or major mailing lists used by the
community. The FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing clarifies the policy for
many common concerns.

The submission itself is the object of review, so it should strive to
convince the reader of at least the plausibility of reported results.
Still, we encourage authors to provide any supplementary material that
is required to support the claims made in the paper, such as detailed
proofs, proof scripts, or experimental data. These materials must be
uploaded at submission time, as a single pdf or a tarball, not via a
URL. All supplementary material should be anonymized. Reviewers are
under no obligation to look at the supplementary material but may refer
to it if they have questions about the material in the body of the
paper.

Artifact Evaluation for Accepted Papers

Authors of conditionally accepted papers will be invited to formally
submit supporting materials to the Artifact Evaluation process. Artifact
Evaluation is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess how
the artifacts support the work described in the papers. Artifact
submission is strongly encouraged but voluntary and will not influence
the final decision regarding the papers. Papers that go through the
Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval
printed on the papers themselves. Authors of accepted papers are
encouraged to make these materials publicly available upon publication
of the proceedings, by including them as “source materials” in the ACM
Digital Library.

Copyright, Publication, and Presentation

As a Gold Open Access journal, PACMPL is committed to making
peer-reviewed scientific research free of restrictions on both access
and (re-)use. Authors are strongly encouraged to support libre open
access by licensing their work with the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
International (CC BY) license, which grants readers liberal (re-)use
rights.

Authors of accepted papers will be required to choose one of the
following publication rights:

-   Author licenses the work with a Creative Commons license, retains
    copyright, and (implicitly) grants ACM non-exclusive permission to
    publish (suggested choice).
-   Author retains copyright of the work and grants ACM a non-exclusive
    permission to publish license.
-   Author retains copyright of the work and grants ACM an exclusive
    permission to publish license.
-   Author transfers copyright of the work to ACM.

These choices follow from ACM Copyright Policy and ACM Author Rights,
corresponding to ACM’s “author pays” option. While PACMPL may ask
authors who have funding for open-access fees to voluntarily cover the
article processing charge (currently, US$400), payment is not required
for publication. PACMPL and SIGPLAN continue to explore the best models
for funding open access, focusing on approaches that are sustainable in
the long-term while reducing short-term risk.

All papers will be archived by the ACM Digital Library. Authors will
have the option of including supplementary material with their paper.
The official publication date is the date the proceedings are made
available in the ACM Digital Library. This date may be up to two weeks
prior to the first day of the conference. The official publication date
affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work.

Authors of accepted papers are required to give a short talk (roughly 25
minutes long) at the conference, according to the conference schedule.

Distinguished Paper Awards

At most 10% of the accepted papers of POPL 2023 will be designated as
Distinguished Papers. This award highlights papers that the Review
Committee thinks should be read by a broad audience due to their
relevance, originality, significance, and clarity. The selection of the
distinguished papers will be made based on the final version of the
paper and through a second review process.

FAQ on Double-Blind Reviewing

General

Q: Why are you using double-blind reviewing?

A: Studies have shown that a reviewer’s attitude toward a submission may
be affected, even unconsciously, by the identity of the authors. We want
reviewers to be able to approach each submission without any such,
possibly involuntary, pre-judgment. Many computer science conferences
have embraced double-blind reviewing. POPL has used lightweight
double-blind reviewing for several years now as stipulated in the
Principles of POPL.

Q: Do you really think blinding actually works? I suspect reviewers can
often guess who the authors are anyway.

A: It is rare for authorship to be guessed correctly, even by expert
reviewers, as detailed in this study.

Q: Couldn’t blind submission create an injustice where a paper is
inappropriately rejected based upon supposedly-prior work which was
actually by the same authors and not previously published?

A: Reviewers are held accountable for their positions and are required
to identify any supposed prior work that they believe undermines the
novelty of the paper. Any assertion that “this has been done before” by
reviewers should be supported with concrete information. The author
response mechanism exists in part to hold reviewers accountable for
claims that may be incorrect.

For authors

Q: What exactly do I have to do to anonymize my paper?

A: Use common sense. Your job is not to make your identity
undiscoverable but simply to make it possible for reviewers to evaluate
your submission without having to know who you are. The specific
guidelines stated in the call for papers are simple: omit authors’ names
from your title page, and when you cite your own work, refer to it in
the third person. For example, if your name is Smith and you have worked
on amphibious type systems, instead of saying “We extend our earlier
work on statically typed toads [Smith 2004],” you might say “We extend
Smith’s [2004] earlier work on statically typed toads.” Also, be sure
not to include any acknowledgements that would give away your identity.
In general, you should aim to reduce the risk of accidental unblinding.
For example, if your paper is the first to describe a system with a
well-known name or codename, or you use a personally-identifiable naming
convention for your work, then use a different name for your submission
(which you may indicate has been changed for the purposes of
double-blind reviewing). You should also avoid revealing the
institutional affiliation of authors or at which the work was performed.

Q: I would like to provide supplementary material for consideration,
e.g., the code of my implementation or proofs of theorems. How do I do
this?

A (and also see the next question): On the submission site there will be
an option to submit supplementary material along with your main paper.
This supplementary material should also be anonymized; it may be viewed
by reviewers during the review period, so it should adhere to the same
double-blind guidelines. e discourage authors from providing
supplementary materials via links to external web sites. It is possible
to change the linked items after the submission deadline has passed,
and, to be fair to all authors, we would like to be sure reviewers
evaluate materials that have been completed prior to the submission
deadline. Having said that, it is appropriate to link to items, such as
an online demo, that can’t easily be submitted. Needless to say,
attempting to discover the reviewers for your paper by tracking visitors
to such a demo site would be a breach of academic integrity.
Supplementary items such as PDFs should always be uploaded to HotCRP.

Q: My submission is based on code available in a public repository or I
would like to provide a link to an online demo. How do I deal with this?

A: Making your code publicly available is not incompatible with
double-blind reviewing. You should do the following. First, cite the
code in your paper, but remove the actual URL and, instead say “link to
repository removed for double-blind review” or similar. Second, if, when
writing your author response, you believe reviewer access to your code
would help, say so in your author response (without providing the URL),
and send the URL to the Program Chair. The same policy applies if you
wish to provide a link to an online demo that can’t easily be submitted
as supplementary material.

Q: I am building on my own past work on the WizWoz system. Do I need to
rename this system in my paper for purposes of anonymity, so as to
remove the implied connection between my authorship of past work on this
system and my present submission?

A: No. The relationship between systems and authors changes over time,
so there will be at least some doubt about authorship. Increasing this
doubt by changing the system name would help with anonymity, but it
would compromise the research process. In particular, changing the name
requires explaining a lot about the system again because you can’t just
refer to the existing papers, which use the proper name. Not citing
these papers runs the risk of the reviewers who know about the existing
system thinking you are replicating earlier work. It is also confusing
for the reviewers to read about the paper under Name X and then have the
name be changed to Name Y. Will all the reviewers go and re-read the
final version with the correct name? If not, they have the wrong name in
their heads, which could be harmful in the long run.

Q: I am submitting a paper that extends my own work that previously
appeared at a workshop. Should I anonymize any reference to that prior
work?

A: No. But we recommend you do not use the same title for your POPL
submission, so that it is clearly distinguished from the prior paper. In
general, there is rarely a good reason to anonymize a citation. One
possibility is for work that is tightly related to the present
submission and is also under review. When in doubt, contact the Program
Chair.

Q: Am I allowed to post my (non-blinded) paper on my web page? Can I
advertise the unblinded version of my paper on mailing lists or send it
to colleagues? Can I give a talk about my work while it is under review?
How do I handle social media? What about arXiv?

A: We have developed guidelines, described here, to help everyone
navigate in the same way the tension between the normal communication of
scientific results, which double-blind reviewing should not impede, and
actions that essentially force potential reviewers to learn the identity
of the authors for a submission. Roughly speaking, you may (of course!)
discuss work under submission, but you should not broadly advertise your
work through media that is likely to reach your reviewers. We
acknowledge there are gray areas and trade-offs; we cannot describe
every possible scenario.

Things you may do:

-   Put your submission on your home page.
-   Discuss your work with anyone who is not on the review committees,
    or with people on the committees with whom you already have a
    conflict.
-   Present your work at professional meetings, job interviews, etc.
-   Submit work previously discussed at an informal workshop, previously
    posted on arXiv or a similar site, previously submitted to a
    conference not using double-blind reviewing, etc.

Things you should not do:

-   Contact members of the review committees about your work, or
    deliberately present your work where you expect them to be.
-   Publicize your work on major mailing lists used by the community
    (because potential reviewers likely read these lists).
-   Publicize your work on social media if wide public [re-]propagation
    is common (e.g., Twitter) and therefore likely to reach potential
    reviewers. For example, on Facebook, a post with a broad privacy
    setting (public or all friends) saying, “Whew, POPL paper in, time
    to sleep” is okay, but one describing the work or giving its title
    is not appropriate. Alternately, a post to a group including only
    the colleagues at your institution is fine. Reviewers will not be
    asked to recuse themselves from reviewing your paper unless they
    feel you have gone out of your way to advertise your authorship
    information to them. If you are unsure about what constitutes “going
    out of your way”, please contact the Program Chair.

Q: Will the fact that POPL is double-blind have an impact on handling
conflicts-of-interest?

A: Double-blind reviewing does not change the principle that reviewers
should not review papers with which they have a conflict of interest,
even if they do not immediately know who the authors are. Authors
declare conflicts of interest when submitting their papers using the
guidelines in the call for papers. Papers will not be assigned to
reviewers who have a conflict.

For reviewers

Q: What should I do if I learn the authors’ identity? What should I do
if a prospective POPL author contacts me and asks to visit my
institution?

A: If you feel that the authors’ actions are largely aimed at ensuring
that potential reviewers know their identity, contact the Program Chair.
Otherwise, you should not treat double-blind reviewing differently from
other reviewing. In particular, refrain from seeking out information on
the authors’ identity, but if you discover it accidentally this will not
automatically disqualify you as a reviewer. Use your best judgment.

Q: The authors have provided a URL to supplemental material. I would
like to see the material but I worry they will snoop my IP address and
learn my identity. What should I do?

A: Contact the Program Chair, who will download the material on your
behalf and make it available to you.

Q: If I am assigned a paper for which I feel I am not an expert, how do
I seek an outside review?

A: PC members should do their own reviews, not delegate them to someone
else. If doing so is problematic for some papers, e.g., you don’t feel
completely qualified, then consider the following options. First, submit
a review for your paper that is as careful as possible, outlining areas
where you think your knowledge is lacking. Assuming we have sufficient
expert reviews, that could be the end of it: non-expert reviews are
valuable too, since conference attendees are by-and-large not experts
for any given paper. Second, work with the PC Chair and/or Associate
Chairs, who will check for conflicts and then solicit an external review
if additional expertise is needed. Please do not contact outside
reviewers yourself. As a last resort, if you feel like your review would
be extremely uninformed and you’d rather not even submit a first cut,
contact the Program Chair.

Q: How do we handle potential conflicts of interest since I cannot see
the author names?

A: The conference review system will ask that you identify conflicts of
interest when you get an account on the submission system. It is
critical that you enter these at least a week before the POPL submission
deadline. Feel free to also identify additional authors whose papers you
feel you could not review fairly for reasons other than those given
(e.g., strong personal friendship).

Q: How should I avoid learning the authors’ identity if I am using
web-search in the process of performing my review?

A: You should make a good-faith effort not to find the authors’ identity
during the review period, but if you inadvertently do so, this does not
disqualify you from reviewing the paper. As part of the good-faith
effort, do not use search engines with terms like the paper’s title or
the name of a new system being discussed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

These guidelines are largely based on guidelines for PLDI 2020, with
slight modifications by Amal Ahmed based on the guidelines for POPL
2019. Both of those are an evolution of guidelines originally created by
Michael Hicks for POPL 2012.

Important Dates AoE (UTC-12h)

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Thu 10 Nov 2022
  Camera-Ready Deadline

  Mon 7 Nov 2022
  Notification of Final Acceptance

  Wed 26 Oct 2022
  Submission of Revisions

  Tue 27 Sep 2022
  Notification of Conditional Acceptance

  Tue 6 - Fri 9 Sep 2022
  Author Response Period

  Thu 7 Jul 2022
  Submission Deadline
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

Submission Link

https://popl23.hotcrp.com

Program Committee

-   
    [Amal Ahmed]
    Amal AhmedProgram Chair

    Northeastern University, USA

    United States
-   
    [Robert Bruce Findler]
    Robert Bruce FindlerAssociate Chair

    Northwestern University

    United States
-   
    [Deepak Garg]
    Deepak GargAssociate Chair

    MPI-SWS

    Germany
-   
    [François Pottier]
    François PottierAssociate Chair

    Inria

    France
-   
    [Andreas Abel]
    Andreas Abel

    Gothenburg University

    Sweden
-   
    [Nada Amin]
    Nada Amin

    Harvard University

    United States
-   
    [Stephanie Balzer]
    Stephanie Balzer

    Carnegie Mellon University

    United States
-   
    [Josh Berdine]
    Josh Berdine

    Meta

    United Kingdom
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Karthikeyan Bhargavan

    Inria, France
-   
    [Giuseppe Castagna]
    Giuseppe Castagna

    CNRS; Université de Paris

    France
-   
    [Tej Chajed]
    Tej Chajed

    VMware Research

    United States
-   
    [Arthur Charguéraud]
    Arthur Charguéraud

    Inria; Université de Strasbourg; CNRS; ICube

    France
-   
    [Koen Claessen]
    Koen Claessen

    Chalmers University of Technology

    Sweden
-   
    [Loris D'Antoni]
    Loris D'Antoni

    University of Wisconsin-Madison

    United States
-   
    [Ugo Dal Lago]
    Ugo Dal Lago

    University of Bologna; Inria

    Italy
-   
    [Mila Dalla Preda]
    Mila Dalla Preda

    University of Verona

    Italy
-   
    [Ornela Dardha]
    Ornela Dardha

    University of Glasgow

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Benjamin Delaware]
    Benjamin Delaware

    Purdue University

    United States
-   
    [Alastair F. Donaldson]
    Alastair F. Donaldson

    Imperial College London; Google

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Richard A. Eisenberg]
    Richard A. Eisenberg

    Jane Street

    United States
-   
    [Constantin Enea]
    Constantin Enea

    Ecole Polytechnique / LIX / CNRS

    France
-   
    [Michael Greenberg]
    Michael Greenberg

    Stevens Institute of Technology

    United States
-   
    [Ichiro Hasuo]
    Ichiro Hasuo

    National Institute of Informatics, Japan

    Japan
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Hugo Herbelin

    Inria
-   
    [Zhenjiang Hu]
    Zhenjiang Hu

    Peking University

    China
-   
    [Suresh Jagannathan]
    Suresh Jagannathan

    Purdue University

    United States
-   
    [Alan Jeffrey]
    Alan Jeffrey

    Roblox

    United States
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Patricia Johann

    Appalachian State University
-   
    [Jacques-Henri Jourdan]
    Jacques-Henri Jourdan

    CNR, LMF

    France
-   
    [Ralf Jung]
    Ralf Jung

    ETH Zürich

    Switzerland
-   
    [Ohad Kammar]
    Ohad Kammar

    University of Edinburgh

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Joost-Pieter Katoen]
    Joost-Pieter Katoen

    RWTH Aachen University

    Germany
-   
    [Ekaterina Komendantskaya]
    Ekaterina Komendantskaya

    Heriot-Watt University, UK
-   
    [Laura Kovacs]
    Laura Kovacs

    Vienna University of Technology (TU Wien)

    Austria
-   
    [Robbert Krebbers]
    Robbert Krebbers

    Radboud University Nijmegen

    Netherlands
-   
    [Lindsey Kuper]
    Lindsey Kuper

    University of California at Santa Cruz
-   
    [Akash Lal]
    Akash Lal

    Microsoft Research
-   
    [Xavier Leroy]
    Xavier Leroy

    Collège de France

    France
-   
    [Mohsen Lesani]
    Mohsen Lesani

    University of California at Riverside
-   
    [Daniel R. Licata]
    Daniel R. Licata

    Wesleyan University

    United States
-   
    [Matteo Maffei]
    Matteo Maffei

    TU Wien
-   
    [Isabella Mastroeni]
    Isabella Mastroeni

    University of Verona, Italy

    Italy
-   
    [Christoph Matheja]
    Christoph Matheja

    DTU

    Denmark
-   
    [Umang Mathur]
    Umang Mathur

    National University of Singapore

    Singapore
-   
    [Todd Millstein]
    Todd Millstein

    University of California at Los Angeles

    United States
-   
    [Andrzej Murawski]
    Andrzej Murawski

    University of Oxford

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Santosh Nagarakatte]
    Santosh Nagarakatte

    Rutgers University

    United States
-   
    [Aleksandar Nanevski]
    Aleksandar Nanevski

    IMDEA Software Institute

    Spain
-   
    [David Naumann]
    David Naumann

    Stevens Institute of Technology

    United States
-   
    [Dominic Orchard]
    Dominic Orchard

    University of Kent, UK

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Klaus Ostermann]
    Klaus Ostermann

    University of Tübingen
-   
    [Oded Padon]
    Oded Padon

    VMware Research

    United States
-   
    [Michele Pagani]
    Michele Pagani

    IRIF - Université de Paris Cité

    France
-   
    [Marco Patrignani]
    Marco Patrignani

    University of Trento

    Italy
-   
    [David Pichardie]
    David Pichardie

    Meta

    France
-   
    [Brigitte Pientka]
    Brigitte Pientka

    McGill University

    Canada
-   
    [Benjamin C. Pierce]
    Benjamin C. Pierce

    University of Pennsylvania

    United States
-   
    [Clément Pit-Claudel]
    Clément Pit-Claudel

    EPFL

    Switzerland
-   
    [Andreas Podelski]
    Andreas Podelski

    University of Freiburg

    Germany
-   
    [Nadia Polikarpova]
    Nadia Polikarpova

    University of California at San Diego

    United States
-   
    [Damien Pous]
    Damien Pous

    CNRS
-   
    [micro-avatar]
    Christopher Pulte

    University of Cambridge

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Corina S. Păsăreanu]
    Corina S. Păsăreanu

    Carnegie Mellon University

    United States
-   
    [Azalea Raad]
    Azalea Raad

    Imperial College London

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Robert Rand]
    Robert Rand

    University of Chicago

    United States
-   
    [Noam Rinetzky]
    Noam Rinetzky

    Tel Aviv University

    Israel
-   
    [Amr Sabry]
    Amr Sabry

    Indiana University

    United States
-   
    [Malavika Samak]
    Malavika Samak

    CSAIL, MIT

    United States
-   
    [Taro Sekiyama]
    Taro Sekiyama

    National Institute of Informatics

    Japan
-   
    [Jonathan Sterling]
    Jonathan Sterling

    Aarhus University

    Denmark
-   
    [Aaron Stump]
    Aaron Stump

    University of Iowa

    United States
-   
    [Eijiro Sumii]
    Eijiro Sumii

    Tohoku University

    Japan
-   
    [Nicolas Tabareau]
    Nicolas Tabareau

    Inria

    France
-   
    [Éric Tanter]
    Éric Tanter

    University of Chile
-   
    [Joseph Tassarotti]
    Joseph Tassarotti

    NYU

    United States
-   
    [Sam Tobin-Hochstadt]
    Sam Tobin-Hochstadt

    Indiana University
-   
    [Andrew Tolmach]
    Andrew Tolmach

    Portland State University

    United States
-   
    [Marco Vassena]
    Marco Vassena

    Utrecht University

    Netherlands
-   
    [David Walker]
    David Walker

    Princeton University

    United States
-   
    [Conrad Watt]
    Conrad Watt

    University of Cambridge

    United Kingdom
-   
    [Théo Winterhalter]
    Théo Winterhalter

    INRIA Saclay

    France
-   
    [Ningning Xie]
    Ningning Xie

    University of Toronto

    Canada
-   
    [Francesco Zappa Nardelli]
    Francesco Zappa Nardelli

    Meta

    France
-   
    [Elena Zucca]
    Elena Zucca

    University of Genoa

    Italy

xWed 5 Feb 17:56

POPL 2023

contact form

------------------------------------------------------------------------

using conf.researchr.org (v1.69.0)
Support page

Tracks

POPL
Session Previews
Artifact Evaluation
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Student Research Competition
Student Volunteers
TutorialFest
Workshops and Co-located Events

Co-hosted Conferences

CPP 2023
VMCAI 2023

Workshops

CoqPL 2023
LAFI 2023
PEPM 2023
PLMW @ POPL 2023
PriSC 2023
ProLaLa 2023

Co-hosted Symposia

PADL 2023

Attending

Venue: Boston Park Plaza
Supporting POPL
Registration
Information for Students
Information for Presenters
Information for Virtual Attendees
Nearby Events

Sign Up
